This was certainly one of the most interesting essays I’ve read, thanks to its unique layout. On the left side is a long column of text and images that are written in a more formal style. They outline a basic history of the internet and light review into some of the phenomena of the internet age. On the right side is a similar looking column, however this side is a much more personal take on the internet age by the author. While the left side is fairly formal, the right side is casual and includes internet “slang” like “IRL.” 
	
  The author explores a few issues of the internet age that intrigue me. One is our general connectedness via the internet. We have all become “curators” of our own profiles— our Facebook accounts, our Instagram profiles, our dating apps. She calls this the “bastardization” of the word curation, a slight critique at our veiled internet usage. The idea of “chatting,” the author notes, has evolved online from a familiar conversation into a pithy back and forth online— yet this traditional definition remains online. In fact, we’re so ingrained in the internet— so comfortable with this intangible world— that we are completely comfortable in this virtual world.
	
  She argues (in the right column) that our internet selves are our real selves— the sentiment of AFK (away from keyboard) is more honest than IRL (in real life). A story from her experience sending a Google Chat message to a well known artist provides the title for this essay. The artist responded with a terse “Identify yourself.” Not even a question, a demand. One of the problems of an internet-based society is the difficulty of seeing who people truly are. As a man, I could go online and create a dating profile as woman; I could post photos on Instagram as a “woman,” and I could live a complete lie. Conversely, I could live an “honest” life online. I could present an honest profile. I could post the good things that happen to me, and the bad. I could post what is really going on in my life for the world to see, but this is still a life censored by me.
	
  I’m left with the question: is the way we act, the fact that we seem to require the internet as much as we require oxygen, appropriate and acceptable? I don’t have answer. I’m writing this response online. I have the internet in my pocket, on my lap, on my wrist, and I probably have Wi-Fi signals going through my head. I am very much a product of this creation. 
