The first thing I want to inquire about Krystal South’s “Identify Yourself” is the interface.  While at first sight it looked disturbingly unintuitive, actually using as it was intended works quite well.  The difference in speed is just a natural way of highlighting what it is you have to read first.  So definitely props to the designers (excluding the non-responsive design but that’s forgivable).  With regards to the content, it is interesting how this transhumanistic concept made it into an article regarding the growth of the internet and its relation to us.   However, I must argue with South’s initial reasoning that we are becoming obsessed with knowledge and ideas.  Technology and its current form factor makes it much too mechanical for the information to become important long term (i.e. unlocking your phone, punching in the search bar, boom instant gratification no need for the info later).  Rather, we rely on the information in a cyborgian manner where the phone acts as a secondary unit for memory but never actually working in conjunction with our own organic minds.    This in my opinion would truly be impressive.

I do like how the notion of consumerism is pointed out in this article as well.  It really puts into perspective how the rapid consumption of content is analogous to how we have consumed products in the west for decades.  Any sluggishness causes us distress, just as how that annoying customer in the store gets capricious when a product isn’t available as if it belongs to them even before consumption.  South also adds that much like our cars, or other material objects, our personal computers hence their names are devises in such a way that they are an extension of ourselves.  Likewise, any disruption in this work flow is also a stressor. 

The nostalgic aspect of the article was also appealing to me as it was a recurrent theme for the author as they often referred to the first moments they experienced on the internet as well as practically travelling through time to see the mark they made on this sort of early frontier.  It was interesting how I resonated with the feeling of pretending to be an adult just as the author did.  It’s like a contemporary form for a yearning of independence, something that say someone born in the 70’s or 80’s would have to express in a different manner.  For instance, YouTube was a whole different beast before the Google takeover.  It was practically the Facebook of its time as several of my friends turned to it to comment on each other’s profiles.  Now, the feature is practically nonexistent and customization is essentially limited to the timeline photo as opposed to the background customizations that were possible back then.  

While there is much more I can say about this reading which is very abundant with details about the relationship the internet has to us, these were definitely the details that stood out.