This article was actually a combination of two interconnected articles both written by Krystal South and published under the title ‘Identify Yourself’.  In the articles South speaks of both her own experiences of what it means to interact with the world through an online avatar and some notable events and people who were part of the development of the present concept of an online identity. Inserted throughout the articles are links to further writings, videos, and digital art pieces relating to the articles’ content. Additionally the articles are synced to scroll side by at a speed that allows the portions that are most relevant to each other to be viewed at the same time. This is sometimes helpful, but mostly makes reading the content in its intended format difficult, since the eye is constantly dragged away from actually reading the text by the moving words in one’s peripheral vision. 
South compares the identity created by Internet users for themselves with the mandatory identifications required by the government. The article suggests that in the present time it is nearly as much of a requirement (or at the very least a strong expectation) that people will have and maintain an online identity and personal brand for themselves. Also, she points out that the Internet gives the ordinary user nearly the same tools for promoting their online persona brand as large companies use to promote theirs. This is an interesting thought taking into account the fact that while people do promote themselves using the Internet, this is often taken advantage of and profited off of by large companies as they collect data about users and then use this to manipulate them. In addition to this companies take advantage of the fact that users share information with each other by creating social media campaigns that encourage people to interact with or share the company’s brand in their own personal space. This essentially is letting Internet users do work for them for free and often goes unnoticed in the culture of sharing and feedback that South mentions in her writing. People are so used to sharing and responding to things that a large brand’s call to have Internet users on social media respond to them with interaction or opinions does not register as manipulation as much as it probably should.
