
Reading # 03



Identity on internet and fake accounts can be very popular through digital age. Even it is on the internet or virtual world, people define their own identity represents as nonexistent or fake identities. The author mentioned about internet democracy and how it links to the current event about net neutrality; that is, if net neutrality exists, then people gradually produce more fake accounts and misrepresenting their real identity on their account. The subtle meaning for net neutrality proposed an idea of how identity functions in the internet realm as well as representing other people in their own way such as fake names and profiles. Through the age of technology, people are more likely to reproduce or duplicate their accounts and alter them in a spoof account that deceives the users. In terms of artistic purposes, artists hack these tools and then transmit them into a feedback loop to gain audience’s attention and interaction.  Artificial intelligence can correlate into the world of internet culture, that can evolve into a form of Identity.
I currently playing a MMORPG called “Dungeon Fighter Online” by Neople and Nexon. This connection correlates from the article’s perspective of identity; that is, this game can observe other players in screen then be able to add or send him or her a message. Just like Second Life game, players would create a fake persona and names to represent themselves in a virtual gaming world.  Beyond the reality of this game, people can socialize or make groups to establish guilds and collaborate to a bigger picture of “communities” as well as trading partners for extra items.  This perspective strengthen author’s point on how identity and gaming influences on how people would engage on diverse activities ranging game messaging to immersive nature to gaming life. Dungeon Fighter Online by Neople can make a great example of social life in the virtual world of gaming; that is, creating unique identity as well as exploring different regions and leveling experiences at the same time. Overall, this connection strongly responds to the author’s point that how identity in gaming would engage as well to immerse players to the life of virtual reality. Gaming and space correlates bonds tightly with each other, to suggest how players, identities, and personas reflects upon limitless space to have an interaction with other players that are online. Even today, artists can be able to re-create a virtual environment with virtual audiences to participate in the artwork, similarly to the virtual reality work of Ulay and Abramovic. Many virtual audiences can create their own unique identity online and then participate this virtual gallery display on their own computer.  
