I thought that “Identify Yourself” was formatted interestingly. I have never seen something like that, and I thought that it was very unique. The right side would scroll faster than the left at times, and slower at other times. I wasn’t sure exactly how to read it so I just chose the left side and started reading from there. I couldn’t finish the whole reading but I did read a good portion of it. One of the most interesting points I found was the distinction between your documented, government identity versus the identity or persona that someone might have online. Krystal South, the author, says that it’s an “alt”, a fake identity and personality. I think that is true for some people, but I have also met a lot of people who have found friends and relationships online. I think that for a lot of people who grew up around technology and the internet, many relationships are found through games or social media. Some people even feel more comfortable online rather than talking in person. I believe the reason for this preference of communication through the internet is because it is harder to be vulnerable. People feel less awkward on the internet because there is less feedback and backlash than in person. I also think that for the people whose lives revolve around the internet, their online identity is just an extension of themselves. The internet gives us so much power and opportunities that we can basically do everything, whether it be buying food, entertaining ourselves, or communicating across the world. All we need as human beings is essentially accessible through the internet. I just find the idea of finding friends and relationships online too abstract and out there for me. I personally prefer the intimacy of in-person interactions, but, of course, each to their own.
