This reading brings about a few interesting in ideas in that it addresses how we have looked at images throughout history.  What I noticed was that despite the mediums changing from materials like oils and acrylics to things like CRT’s and LCD’s, we still look at them representationally.  Painting are crafted in a way where they look like something while digital devices, they store images of real things, but they still display on a grid system which to the naked eye is so microscopic, that the representation looks like a real thing.  But all the same, things have hardly changed in that we are looking at a representation of sorts whether they be a composition by an artist, or an image taken by an ordinary person.  

However in a contemporary context, the evolution of technology and the ability of computer to recognize things through algorithms changes the playing field completely.  Are our images really looking at us?  I would argue not yet, although perhaps in the next century they will be as we begin to really understand our own minds.  I have always been of the opinion that neural nets cannot truly function the way that they are supposed to until biology and digital technology really come to terms with each other.  In the meantime however, we must still ask ourselves what it really means to look at and understand something.  Facial recognition algorithms are racist but how does that make it any different than our biases?  We must also take into consideration the mediocre ways in which we hire people in the industry.  We are looking at numbers, factors like race and background like they are numbers, would this not affect how these things are developed?

However, instead of looking at the negativity of the situation, we as artists are genuinely able to transcend this excessive objectivity.  We must play with these ideas in order to evoke a response from those responsible with the development of future image technologies.  