Christian Calinawan
Art 104
March 7, 2018
Invisible Images (Your Pictures Are Looking At You)

	I was a little confused about what the author was trying to say in this article. I understood the first few paragraphs where it 
	described a brief history of the images we see from the earliest paintings to LCD displays. That was pretty simple to understand.
	We saw images we created and interpreted them based on our culture and understanding of them. However, I felt confused while 
	reading the following paragraphs. The author stated visual culture changed from, detaching from the human eyes and becoming 
	largely invisible. He said the majority of images are made by machines for other machines with minimal influence by humans. 
	I never imagined this and always felt like many images we make are still made by humans. Even if an image is made by a program, 
	it is still a human who created that program and code that eventually led to the produced image. Although some images can be 
	largely left to being procedurally generated by a machine, a human still chooses when and where to start that image. When the 
	author says visual culture has largely become invisible, I think he means that it is largely machine based. I don’t agree with 
	it being invisible because we still can see the final product of an image. The primary part that is invisible is the behind the 
	scene processes that were gone through to create the picture. He states invisible images are actively watching us, guiding our
	movements, inflicting pain and inducing pleasure but I still found this passage confusing. Humans see the picture as it is 
	visually, but the machines will interpret it as ones and zeroes. Yes, machines are vastly improving at visually recognizing 
	individual parts of an image. Uploading images online to social media only adds to the machine’s ability to recognize things 
	such as faces. In the end, I still do not think that the images look at us the same way we look at them. We look at the images
	and can interact with them, but the machines can only see what we allow them to see.
