<h3>Invisible images</h3>
<hr />

<p>

The article talks about machine learning in the context of images. What I thought was an interesting point was the dichotomy between the machine and the human eye. These machines behave like an AI by being able to identify images. It’s similar to how humans can recognize a face. The difference between the machine and the human eye is that the machine can process billions of images. Humans can forget faces or focus on one object at a time. Machines can keep a database of images and be able to select from that memory. Digital images do not need a human present to exist. The machine learns and creates its own machine-readable file. Human-readable files are temporary. They’re temporary when human want to view the digital image so they search and presented in a digital display. The file reverts back to its machine-readable file when the human subject leaves or turns off their display. Having these digital files only to be read by machine allows implication for artificial intelligence. I find it eerie that machines can be as accurate as the human eye for image recognition. The future is coming closer than ever before in the development of AI. The article reminds me of the futuristic crime movies where supercomputers can instantly identify a face. Nowadays, this technology isn’t hard to believe anymore because it actually exists. Although our data and privacy are being used to run this technology, it is necessary for it to be efficient and accurate. Our online privacy is no longer protected and that is something we are forced to accept because companies will rob it from us. 
</p>
