This week’s reading was “Invisible Images (Your Pictures Are Looking at You)” by Trevor Paglen. The article discusses the difference between the dynamics of the past, where humans created images that were generally in a continuous state of observability and designed primarily with the human observer in mind, and the present where digital images spend most of their time in a state only observable by increasingly advanced machines. The article continues, revealing the present and potential ways that machines are used to exploit the information provided by the images that humans feed into their networks, often oblivious to the full implications or consequences that may result. Culturally, most people still view the digital storing and sharing of images as merely a more advanced form of the strategies used in traditional art and photography. Yet this mindset tricks people into revealing far more information about themselves to the machine observer than they would ever wish to if they were given a clear choice. Add to this the way that surveillance imagery can be exploited and used to identify deeply detailed patterns of behavior without even the thinnest excuse of voluntary action on the part of the people whose images are being collected, stored, and analyzed and the situation grows even bleaker. 

For me personally, the main reaction this article’s content prompted was despair. The endless mining of one’s personal data for profit and exploitation by others seems unstoppable and inescapable, with every defensive strategy doomed to be outdated and ineffective within a short period of time. The only possible escape seems to be to flee the use of digital images and information totally, but in present society that would cause such a severe disconnect from a great deal of connections that are critically important to participation and survival in that society. Even unplugging completely from social media and anything else that required submitting information digitally would not be a full escape from machine observation and exploitation, since one would still have to submit paperwork and information that would eventually end up in digital databases and any venture into populated areas would result in surveillance images being recorded and used! Any hope of avoiding manipulation was thoroughly crushed, and the sheer depth of the possibilities of information being collected and abused to the point of one picture of a careless risk having a lasting and potentially extreme effect on a person’s life are sobering to consider.

It feels not unlike the sort of emotional response generated by thinking about the degree of environmental damage that has been caused by humans over the years. The negative side effects seem inescapable and irreversible without somehow changing the entire shape of the way things are. It’s hard to see where the starting point of instituting change that would protect people as they use digital spaces for presenting their images and information would be.  However, this goal needs to be a priority to prevent further damage and such exploitation becoming further ingrained in our society.
