
Reading 06

The article was mainly discussed the hidden perspectives of “seeing” things through the lens of digital and contemporary devices such as computers. Many artificial intelligence can create an illusion of images that questions back the ways of “seeing” differs from human and its perspective from computer and digital graphics.  The author also claimed that digital representation of “seeing” may mislead audiences and viewers through rendering errors as well as its perception of digital images.
In many concepts, this can be applied to deep learning systems and artificial intelligence. Many algorithms can reverse the process where people “see” the images and this inverses the action “seeing” the picture. This draws a strong and sharp connection to Berger’s documentary “Ways of Seeing”; in a way that how people “see” the big picture, now is the inverse. While images looking at people, the way that how virtual images “see” people is through digitized computer algorithms that is well-programmed and defined in the artificial intelligence theory. Through programming, virtual images recognize identity as well as accessing personal information at the same time; similarly to iPhone X.  During the recent release of iPhone X,  many facial and fingerprint recognition have a cognitive process that process and intake images through interior systems no matter what. This connects to the author’s point on how he claimed that the combination of internal and neural networks have an application on deep learning systems. Machine learning, can discuss more on the discourse on how new media art can be evolved through technological devices as well as its benefit on its content. Through machine learning, new media or digital artists     can take the advantage of hacking internet, virtual reality, and more virtual environment then establish and initiate a virtual gallery that narrates artworks in different fashion. Using deep learning algorithm, facial recognition is critical to second life and avatars. In virtual galleries,  facial recognition is another type of avatar; that is, using the user’s facial recognition and accessing further into virtual gallery spaces.  In my belief, the author was very specific on the details of artificial intelligence and how it impacts facial recognition; not only the author claimed details on how it changes society, it also showed on the process of altering and digitizing humanity with avatars and immersive VR systems. Immersive technological devices would simplify people’s life such as cyborgs and artificial intelligence implementation. Using these strategies,  virtual image can alter on how people “see” and the definition of  “seeing” which slightly deviates on Berger’s documentary. Machine environments and landscape can exemplify then amplify the deeper meaning of VR, it impacts on user’s experiences and interface on how people would see through the lens of virtual world. Digitizing humanity is altering the way we see and what people do.
