While our current human visual culture has evolved from something analog and physical to the digital world, AIs have also developed their own ways of "seeing". Companies have developed AI's that can recognize face, environments, objects, license plate numbers, etc., and the AIs can do this through algorithms. The machines gather massive amounts of data from what human's put on the internet, process and analyze that, and through their algorithms, create a certain identity and conclusion. It might not be 100% accurate, but the more data the AI gets, the more accurate it can become. There might also be an implicit bias in the way an AI might "recognize" people or things because of how they are programmed and trained. I think that using AIs in this field of classification is inevitable because if we think about it, what is a majority of technology for? More often than not, it is created and updated for the convenience of human beings. It is to make lives easier and humans dont have the mental capacity to recognize 2 billion people, all licence plates on cars, and among other things. It is a lot easier and faster for a computer to store all of the data and do it for us. And this is definitely more convenient, but companies that have all of this data can capitalize it. I wonder what Vigilant solutions, the company that developed the Automatic License PLate Readers, will do with all of that data. I can't see what someone might want a bunch of license plates for, but I think that while it is a computer that is classifying and recognizing all of this data, it is still stored in a database for a company to utilize as they please. It seems invasive of our privacy, but then again, in this day and age, when do we ever have complete privacy anymore? All we have is the illusion of privacy because the devices we own are trackable and sensed by other machines wherever we go. 
