Images in human history have gone from physical paintings to projections of light that we see on a computer screen. While the human understanding of images has evolved, the author suggests that visual culture has become “detached” and invisible to humans. Images are now seldom produced and shared by humans, rather machines. Before reading anymore I assume what the author means by this is that there are a lot of automated cameras which take pictures and upload them to a database. However, the author claims that these invisible images are watching us, inflicting pain and pleasure. This statement confused me greatly. After reading some more I’ve come to understand what he means by “invisible” images. Digital images are only temporarily available to be seen by the human eye. When they are not opened they are stored away. They still exist, but in the form of 0’s and 1’s...we just can’t see them. While humans can no longer see these images, machines can still interact and do something with them. Due to the emergence of facial recognition technology, images that we post online are being studied and stored in databases. This is quite frightening because this is all happening behind our backs. Images you thought were private are actually being studied by machines to build a digital profile of you. Whether this is a good or bad thing is highly debatable. Is it wrong because it’s done without our consent? Or is it right because it adds security? While I can’t say for sure, I do know one thing: It’s going to happen whether we like it or not. Google has already adopted this technology for its image search. For example, if you toss an image of a black kitten in, it’ll give you other related images of black kittens. You don’t need to type in anything, just upload the picture. Rather than images watching us, it’s more of machines analyzing invisible images to understand us.
