Politics of Post-Representation

This article is an interview of Hito Steyerl conducted by Marvin Jordan. Steyerl is a German filmmaker, artist, and author who focuses on technology and media. While I found this interview— both Jordan’s questions and Steyerl’s response— difficult to understand I will try to parse some of the pieces that I found most interesting. The beginning of the interview discusses images and the idea of post-pre presentational vs representational. I found this discussion interesting, especially with a new mindset towards how I view images and what they mean from the Ways of Seeing videos and Invisible Images essay we read. Steyerl brings to focus the idea that images of the future (and maybe the present in some situations?) are no longer a snapshot of a moment in time, but that they literally take from past experiences and create a new, “post-representational” way of seeing. With computer algorithms digging through a user’s history, their location, their age, their past images, etc. an algorithm is able to made adjustments to a real image that appeal to the user. I think of this as another way of thinking of AR, but perhaps taking what seems like a far-off concept, or something just for “gamers” and applying it to everybody. This suggestions essentially takes what Google, Facebook and other tech companies are doing for online ads, and integrating them even closer into the users’ life. Steyerl calls this a “paradigm of representation” in that even the old media form of photography is being infused with algorithms and made “smart.” She calls this “networked photography” one opportunity smartphone camera makers may jump on as a way of supplementing poor quality smartphone cameras with real-world information to improve image resolution. The concern with this technology, and phone makers using it, is that they hold the key to modify much more than just the sharpness and contrast of a poorly-lit iPhone picture.
	
I also found interesting Steyerl’s connecting our present technological shift with the era of the Soviet Union, citing a similar sort of secrecy and paranoia. In after Edward Snowden leaks people are much more aware of the data that is being collected, and what the repercussions of this may be. She notes that people “really did love Stalin” and that people today love some of the benefits that come in an era of “algorithmic governance”-- such as streaming TV shows, browsing social media, driving cars, or perhaps just existing in the world in 2018. 
	
While the tone of this interview was not inherently dark, the content of this reading has been one of the most dystopic of the semester in my opinion. My fear is that this isn’t necessarily a science-fiction dystopia, rather this is technology that currently exists. How large companies and governments will use my data is beyond me, yet I fear that the fact that it will be used is beyond my control. 

