In Marvin Jordan’s interview, Hito Steyerl seems quite endowed with knowledge of the contemporary internet and its implications in new media.  The first interesting topic I would like to address is these sort of “bot armies” that exist now.  It’s surprising that although they we would think them to be driven by lobbyists or people wishing to skew our views as if we are children, that they still have to pay real people to bypass security mechanisms such as captcha.  I personally always considered the mechanism to be cheap looking and intrusive at best and yet it does seem to do the trick when it comes to making things more challenging for robots.  Even more so interesting, these bots are less of pests now a days, and seem to be programmed to act more and more like humans, acting as beacons for what is relevant now a days.  She depicts them as personal militias for those trying to distribute powerful political messages.  

Also with regards to art prices going higher in price when there is more inequality within an already disparate system of wealth that we have.  I found this interesting in that people who usually buy expensive art pieces are typically those 1% type art collectors.  Could it be they have some extra cash which was generated from the pockets that should have that money?  I think the same could be said of most luxury items however.  Rich people aren’t going to value the process or the meaning in works as much as the artists themselves.  They just want luxury items when they have more cash to blow up.  

But what was the whole point of all the points being made?  What is the trend that can be observed essentially?  The trend that I noticed was that our new means of media circulation is what is already, and is going to dictate a representation of the state of our economy and our politics.  We shouldn’t look at this as something dark in my opinion.  I think what Hito is trying to say is that these things should empower us to speak out against inequality and disparity through these new means.  Images have a powerful impact, and very much they seem to be distributed in some organic way which cannot be replicated elsewhere.
