Marvin Jordan in his interview with Hito Steyerl, “ Politics of Post-Representation,” askes question that Steyerl is very passionate about. In the first part of this conversation, Steyerl gives an insight of what might happen if our own political representatives abused their public service title. I mean to some extent our own rights already might or are being abused in one way or another. For Steyerl to put it into perspective and say our own cell phone cameras are liable to manipulation is a scary idea.  People now and days can’t really live without their phones for one day let alone for a week or even a month. We have been conditioned to carry it at all times that we fail to see the underlying implications it might have on our social and personal appearance.
	In high school I really did not think about it too much, I mean back then adults and kids were using beepers. Beepers caught on and I would see my friend with them, I just was not into them. Same thing with cell phones, I was 22 or 23 when my girlfriend convinced me to get one and I still refused to carry it around with me. But not its hard not to even look at it here and there through out the day. Now having that being used against someone is frightening. 
	What are we giving up if the information, pictures, and apps we us all the time are taken from us and used without our knowledge. I agree with Steyerl, our identity becomes part of a bot, it becomes part of an application in a program used to spread lies, fear, manipulate and mislead others in ways we could possibly not imagen until its too late. The ability to listen and see what we are doing through our phones by means of the camera is worry some. We all carry our phones like our wallets. Our wallets have our ID, credit cards, money, memberships to places, some even carry our social security cards. Our wallets are an extension of who we are and what our lives are about and a representation of our identity, if we lose our wallet the information that we carry can be used against us and that’s when we hit the oh shit button. 
	Its this lose that we fear, our own information being used without our knowing and against us. Its something that at times we forget to think that its as easy are setting it down to pay a bill or to get our coffee at the barista, all a while leaving out things on a table we think know one is looking. 
