

<h3>Politics of Post-Representation</h3>

<hr />

<p>Marvin Jordan interviews Hito Steyerl on topics about politics of post-representation. Steyerl is known for her work on the proliferation of images in contemporary media. It opens up with Marvin asking Hito if there is an exploitation of labor in contemporary art spaces. Hito answers by giving an example about a developer who used a smartphone camera to create a representational mode of thinking photography. I was confused about this example because she gave a complex answer. I realized she was talking about how the technology the developer used was similar to how a representational paradigm works. The camera uses data stored in your phone to filter out noise and can choose what you see on the screen. This can be applied to politics where you are given post-representative content and the exploitation of labor is glossed over. The government can control what you see and influence you with image spam.</p>

 <p>I find it interesting they mentioned twitter bots. The bots pretend to be human to spread their own propaganda and makes it harder for them to be detected. Hashtags are spammed by these bots to affect how we view our content. It is scary to think about bot armies that are being used to drown out certain content as an alternate form of censorship. The fact that there is a market where real humans are being used to pass CAPTCHA tests for bots shows it is unlikely these unethical programs will be purged from the internet. People behind these bot armies will find another way to keep their armies spewing out misinformation and ads.</p>

<p>The article had me thinking more about how we have a mutual-surveillance with social media. When we use social media, we put ourselves out on the web and how we want to be represented. When Snowden revealed government spying, that’s when people freaked out about surveillance. For me, surveillance has always been around in one form or another. The negative reaction with government spying was the user not feeling in control. Having a representational form of yourself on the internet and data of your true self is no longer safe from criticism or hackers. It is more frightening that there is a black market somewhere selling your data that they got from your social media data in some form or another. An audience or users to any social platform are kind of like the unpaid interns that Steyerl discusses. User data is being exploited on various markets without knowing. </p>
