This week the reading was an interview between Hito Steyerl and Marvin Jordan speaking for “The Dis Blog” discussing Steyerl’s work and her views on the present state of digital culture and surveillance titled “Politics of Post-Representation”.  I was somewhat familiar with Hito Steryerl’s work since I had watched her piece “Hito Steyerl, How Not To Be Seen: A Fucking Didactic Educational .MOV File” the previous semester, but had not had a chance to further examine the artist’s philosophy behind her work. It was 

 A new concept that this article introduced was the shortcuts that lower quality digital photography takes to compensate for the disruption in images taken by poor lenses. The camera can use access to the photos taken in the past to fill in a sort of best guess as to what the photo “should” look like in the missing portions. This shortcut process is fine tuned to suit the sort of items or faces it recognizes that the owner of the device records on a regular basis. In this manner, the photo’s are no longer an accurate representation of what they are meant to be recording, but an artificially generated prediction based on the software’s interpretation of what it thinks the photo ought to look like based on past data. I assume this is somewhat similar to the process that allows the predictive text function in text messages on mobile phones, that learns over time what are the most common next words the user is likely to type.

	Another aspect of the move away from images and information representing what they are originally intended to be but what a The increasing use of bots to simulate human interaction and sway ‘popular’ opinion is a chilling reminder of just how far the shift away from reality the human experience is moving. Bots give the illusion of many people participating in something, or produce a flood of useless or offensive images diluting a tag and preventing the actual information in it from gaining notice. Even tactics meant to deter bots can be circumvented by cheaply employing humans to do part of the work for them, filling out CAPTCHAs and providing ‘real’ looking images and quotes to prove the ‘validity’ of false accounts.
