


Reading 07



The online article discussed solely about digital representation of political figures and hacking into the world of art to replicate the intricate details of facial recognition. While it tansforms into an art piece, artists sought this digital technique to wave glitch and pixelated artistic style at the same time.  Through their experience, technological devices assisted artists to present their content in another reality, that is virtual and augmented reality.
Author has reached to a point of discourse in new media art; utilizing the advantages of technological devices and hacking new ideas on altering the humanity on political artifacts based on two different parties. I think it will evoke a controversial topic on new media art and how it challenges the heated topics in political databases and algorithmic code accesses the deep information systems. The author’s point made a view on controversial topics as well as mentioning how democracy plays a major role into new media art; in terms of aesthetics, post-internet culture transformed into a cultivated political collection that narrates a intricate storyline on political views. She made a critical point on how political nature impacted on aesthetics on art and net-art; in one example, the piece draws a strong example, “My Boyfriend Came Back from War” this example made a significant amount of connection to her previous works. That is, the content in this piece represented political representations to communicate the social issues that happens concurrently with current events.  This piece draws a connection to Hito’s artwork that makes the meaning of political aspect of daily life; and as of Twitter Bots, this piece reminds of of Ben Rubin’s listening post, where artists uses Twitter and narrates the “I” centralized in the narrative point of view. Rubin’s work strongly emphasizes Hito’s work on her Twitter Bots artwork and  suggested about politics as well as its topics on propaganda.  Through the new media, hacking the aesthetic of pixelated art narrates the post-internet culture of political environment; that defines Hito’s work in a coherent way that is woven into single expression of her art piece.  Post-internet culture defines post-representation of internet art, and political memes. Controversy brought up the memes and sought of a new type of activism: “artivism”. Contemporary art in political situations can play a role of changing society in a way that political memes empowers people to understand the contemporary age of art and its insight on the powerful reactions. It communicates with the idea of contemporary as well as post-internet culture of new media art.
