Hito Steyerl discusses a term she calls "post-representation". In the article, she discusses representation in art and in the media today. Basically, the definition of representation in both aspects has been skewed because of new technology and what consitutes art as art. For example, in art, a famous artist named Ai Wei Wei has a lot of controversy surrounding him because he has people in poverty help him make his pieces, yet he is the only person that gets recognition for the artwork. He is considered an activist artist with views against the Chinese government, yet he makes a profit from essentially slave labor. In another example, Steyerl talks about Twitter bots and how they emulate human beings by quoting philosophers or poets, or the bots just spam random information. In this case, it is hard to distinguish what Tweet is from an actual human or a bot. To counter this, people are prompted to do Captchas to show that they are not robots, but who's to say that bots these days can't do Captchas on their own now? With all this new technology and people in more industialized countries having a larger part of their lives on the internet, what exactly is an accurate representation of them? What is privacy or individuality anymore? In this digital age, I think that, while we gain a lot in terms of accessibility to massive amnounts of data and convenience, we give up privacy and inidviduality, our autonomy. It's important to be more aware of the devices we use and to understand them. Otherwise, we will be manipulated, influenced, and in a sense, owned by companies unknowingly. 
