The article, “Politics of Post-Representation,” follows the conversation between filmmaker Hito Steyerl and Marvin Jordan. The conversations starts off on the topic of “post-representation” and how there is a social imbalance / labor exploitation in contemporary art spaces. Steyerl starts off talking about a software developer who made an unconventional camera app that creates pictures rather than take them. The technology captures various “noises” from the present and creates a picture based on your existing database of pictures. “You don’t photograph the present, as the past is woven into it.” I was initially confused on what she meant until I saw the example photograph that demonstrates this tech. It’s simply a picture made out of pictures generator. The example appears to be a photograph portrait of two people constructed out of smaller picture. Many questions raise in my mind such as “what if you’ve never taken a photo before? What would this app do if you didn’t have any pictures in your phone for it to use? I’ve also seen this technology before. EasyMoza is a website you can go to for this kind of stuff. There’s a picture of Anakin Skywalker made out of thousands of pictures of sand dunes floating around the internet. Steyerl then ties in some politics by talking about potential interference to personal cameras. For example, the government could remotely shut off your camera if you are close to something they don’t want to you film. Interference could also be in the form of augmented reality advertisements popping up in your camera feed. 

On the topic of representation and image spam, Steyerl introduces Twitter Bots which are software applications which run automated tasks, often mistaken for a human. They mainly spam hashtags with advertisements, consisting of tourist pictures, celebrity photos etc. “Bot Armys” have a tendency to take over and drown out everything else. Bots have, in a way, affected people’s behavior towards the representation and identification of images. They make people wary, doubtful and annoyed of what they see on the internet. One consequence of bots is the CAPTCHA, a simple test that humans have to take to prove that they are indeed humans and not bots. I personally find bots to be super annoying, especially the ones who send you friend requests to advertise some black market site. They are very prominent in video games as well, often spamming the chatbox or private messaging players with their website. 
