The Article I ended up choosing was called “Artificial Love Life is as Real as the Real Thing” by a Professor Farsad in 1996.  First off, the reason that the title caught my interest was the unique position that someone like Farsad in the 90’s would have not quite knowing what technology would amount to.  While we ourselves are privileged to see artificial intelligence in its sentient infancy, we also strangely find ourselves in a similarly awkward position as we are still asking seemingly mind-blowing questions and in particular, it is still quite strange to ask whether artificial intelligence could effectively become a replacement to seeking a romantic/sexual partner.   

I was also a little shocked with Professor Farsad’s eccentricity in his comical awareness of the limits of his time, but with such objectivity, he performed tests on real people ascertaining that artificial intelligence would somehow follow the same criteria of this study.  With these very interesting ideas in mind, as artists we are meant to ask these unconventional questions that people in more objective fields would be less likely to reflect on.  Conceptually it would be interesting to work closely with AI to show the areas like this one that require treading lightly.  As opposed to the cliché Skynet apocalypse, maybe it would more useful to ask these sorts of questions to improve on AI as we know it now.  

Should we really be seeing a replacement to a healthy relationship with a partner of choice, an ideal and utopian as it might seem to the average consumer?  Or should we see this as a threat to the mental stability of introverts such as myself who find it much harder to even socialize?  It certainly would be interesting to carry out the same experiment with the gadgets we have now and in the future to see if we can become romantically infatuated with these machines.  In my opinion, even though we do have our limits on how intelligent our AI’s can be, we could at least try to simulate these scenarios by collaborating with the sciences and simulating the experience with a real person.  We can either learn that our ability to fall for a person or a sentient being such as this one is reliant on how real we perceive something to do be, or if there is something more nuanced that we have yet to realize as an aspect of humanity.  

Article:
http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/nextswitch/switch_engine/front/front.php%3Fartc=210.html