Kevin Nguyen

Article: Cinema of Video Games

Video games are another medium for storytelling. Video game narratives are incorporated with elements of illustration,film, theater and 
literature.  Video game artists can come up with a language for the narrative to reflect the characters and events in the world. They are 
able to render a fiction world and give the characters an identity and voice. Relating to theater, video games place the players in a real time play where the story unfolds events and problems. More amazing, video games are like a movie where artists use real life virtual camera techniques in the game. Artists are able to make an illusion of the world and character by using storytelling techniques of cinematic camera work and motion picture. In addition, in most games, players are able to interact and move the virtual camera themselves via controller joystick to observe and direct their way. 

Not much of a gamer myself since I don’t have time to play games much, I still watch video game trailers and game-plays on the internet. In addition to sometimes watching my cousin play video games on his Playstation, I am amazed at how much the quality they put in for storytelling and camera work nowadays. I’ve noticed that a lot of video games have a lot of story scenes that cutaway from the game play to build the narrative. And those video scenes are executed in a way that it was coming out from a Hollywood movie but animated. The camera movements are realistic as if the virtual camera was fixed on real equipment like a jib, trolley or crane. They seem to not make any unrealistic camera movements and rely on actual camera work that's been used in movies. As a film maker, I really appreciate that and recognize their work. I am also amazed of how certain scenes of game play uses depth of field for a first person shooter game. The relationship of video games and cinema bond in between story telling. By using the techniques in Hollywood cinema, video game artists can tell a stronger story by using real life techniques. 
