Article: “Virtual Environment and The Internet”

	Virtual environment and 3D internet shares a common environment with VR and augmented reality. 3D webpages are similar or can be compared to Javascript functions such as AFRAME; and Unity also have the ability to function as 3D environment to develop web pages. Through the lens of virtual webpages, the 3D websites can be made from Node.js and incorporates the mini-VR systems in the sites itself. Taking the advantage of the 3D utilities, artists can form a single 3D webpage into a virtual and augmented reality; using the functions of the 3D webpage establishing advanced and meaningful content for a virtual gallery.  Advanced technological inventions can be able to create 3D net art and simulations that could relate to javascript programming and VR world of internet.  To me, there is a a strong connection to javascript and AFRAME; Node.js, for instance, is the first form of 3D web art based on virtual environment and internet. Through node and Three.js, people would create 3D environment as well as its virtual world of 3D web pages and texts. This idea made me think about how programming languages to produce 3D effect and its illusions towards future web development. From this article, 3D webpages brought me to the idea of “A-Frame”and “Node.js”, and how it functions as a 3D webpage when published online.  OpenGL for instance, can be able to generate animate 3D webpages just as if it were from Three.js and Node.js. Through the 3D webpages, the author made a decent point on 3D webpages and VR on how it influences “space” and “time” and vritual installation instead of physical art installation. Using 3D web, the virtual installation can affect many webpages and integrates and diversify of graphics and game-like environment.  The three-dimensional webpages can provide dynamics and insightful content through the virtual interactions. It adds onto more complexity on the interface on the webpages and then to its thoroughness in the design; that is, 3D webpages can be a form of “virtual gallery” as well as the fundamental development of augmented reality.   The author also made an interesting point about 3D webpages and virtual reality is that a new type or form of webpage is another characteristic of how web development is evolved through society.  This type of web development processes the massive illusions of web and virtual reality that amalgamates. The only idea is when Node.js, Three.js and virtual reality combines into a innovative form of web development.

