{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14920\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx11536\ri-2170\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Video games have been a big part of our lives since the early 70\'92s. It became more predominantly widely used in house hold during the 80\'92s and much more important in every day life to youth through out the 90\'92s. Like most things in the market, video games are created to target a specific category of audience, mostly the youth and from my experience mostly males. \
	In the article, \'93Runaways\'94: designing an alternative game for teens, by Marsha Kinder, describes how our culture of television and video games target our kids to distinguish in one form or another from male and female gender roles. She argues that its from the television that our kids learn to play with certain toys design for their gender. Boys playing with toys that are made for girls, feel embarrassed when they are caught playing with the toy. Marsha\'92s concern was seeing how this influenced her own child. She made it her work to see if she can design a game that would stimulate a kids mind while playing, instead of just for losing time playing games. Marsha and other created a game called, Runaways. \
	Runaways is made to pretty much give teens the ability to think of real scenarios and what happens when one decision is made  amongst others. After having a few teens play the game she finds that they are pleased of what the teens response was. It was pretty much positive feed back from the teens. \
	After reading the article, Marsha does have good points that I agree with. I believe that the change for gender related games, shows, and video games has not changed a much, but there is a change nevertheless. We still see commercials, video games and now phone app games directed to specific targets. War games towards males and games like candy crush towards females. Playing on the mental psyche that things are more stronger or softer for one person and not the other. \
	I have 2 girls and 1 son, and I see first hand what things affect them as they grow and learn more about the world that they live in. My girls ask why there are more video games that are violent and appeal more to boys while when it comes to girl games there isn\'92t a lot of variety. Its difficult sometimes to explain because as a parent you really down want them to see how the world really is at a young age. That no matter how far we have moved along in civilization, there is still this underlying wall separating women and male the difference of gender roles.}