Thoughts on Glitch Art

Nick briz actually made me understand what glitch art is and can be. For myself when I hear the term glitch, all I can think about is something not working anymore, and mostly it’s a radio, tv, alarm, something electronic that just reached the end of its life and its struggling to continue working properly. Like a toaster that will not heat bread because the push handle doesn’t seem to lock, or the tv flickers when it is on, or the radio dial vibrates or shakes when left alone and what we hear is two stations battling to be heard. 
	Now glitch art was something different. I did not want to understand why it was called art, because it seemed like lines on a monitor flickering, moving, skipping, or flashing. I thought this is what I would look at when I was little, trying to see HBO shows without paying, that sure did not seem like art. After seeing more and hearing what it takes to make it, and how it can be manipulated in so many different ways, I began to appreciate all the work that goes into it and the final result of all that work, Glitch art. Sometimes it takes a while for someone to appreciate the new, as art. 
	A good example besides Nick Briz works as a glitch artist is Super Mario clouds by Cory Arcangel. The super Mario clouds are just that, clouds from the video game moving as a scenic view, everything is taken away from the video game. There are no blocks, no ground, no characters. After admiring his work I realized what all the effort might intel with removing everything and just leaving the clouds. I could only imagen what he would have to do to make that scenic view possible. So I will remain as an artist enthusiast and admire works, and when I find time perhaps I will venture out a little more to admire and understand works that seem different.
