Reading 08



This article discusses majority topics on net art. How net art evolves from computation aspects and its benefit from HTML and CSS; also coding is an essential process of implementing and establishing internet art.  The principle of computer science brings the net art into light, programming languages such as Java, C, and C++ will shed into a light that plays a major role of making glitch and pixelated art.
Through the author’s perspective of curating digital and net art, Briz utilized many technical perspective of HTML and CSS. The example in his article amplifies many different perspective throughout its meaning behind how pixelated and glitch art functions in digital and new media art.  In his work, programming can be a form of artistic purposes through different medium. Code art is an example of net art, it requires computer language to portray an art piece just like a poetry; it can be used as poetry and recite them through computer language. Throughout the article, Briz also claimed an idea based on McLuhan on how interchanging both socially and culturally is essential to virtual environment; that is, through the translation of computer language, the code will decipher each snippet that represents an art. Like Processing, for example, Java was built in as a rudimentary foundation of code art. While programming on Processing software, it programs the animation and contextualizing the glitch art and remaking the concept of pixel artwork. And his point traces to the connection of new media art since it intervenes with digital tools and other technological devices to recreate many digital artworks to apply in this category discourse. Author’s opinion correlates heavily on the discourse of new media art in a way that how JODI.org or other net art pieces presented with a narrative and many details shown. Briz’s example fuses two cultures together from technological and social perspective definition of design. He challenges the idea of glitch art and programming welded together as a package to iterate the diverse motif of glitch and pixelated art. There are far more examples than his examples, such as MAXMSP can produce glitch art from vizzie modules and can be linked through abstract classes in visual programming. Visual programming can be defined in his example of data-moshing though different blocks of gifs as well as online art. Post-internet culture also amplifies his definition of programming and art through HTML and CSS; my examples highlights more detailed from the perspective internet art. I believe that his examples can carry out further into the perspective of MAXMSP and how glitch, pixelated art, and net art can live in the area of MAXMSP.
