A glitch is something that happens within the digital space that is unintended. Glitch Art is the action of intentionally and actively trying to find unexpected holes or advantages in a system and unitlizing it, changing the code and data. Gltich art is always changing because technology is constantly evolving. What is interesting is that in the digital space, consumers are given the illusion that the internet is free game, that we can post whatever we want and look at whatever we want. If I remember correctly, the legally accessible part of the internet for your average consumer is about 1%, and the rest being the deep/dark web where all the illegal and confidential activity happens. This is such a small part of the internet, yet people see it as something liberating, in a sense, where they can easily express their opinions and "be themselves". However, through glitching the system, we realize that there are limitations to not just the internet, but both software and hardware too. While a system may be presented as a final or "perfected" product, there will always be holes for anyone to manipulate. Glitching is disruptive, and sometimes it can be political, depending on the context. Another thing I found interesting was the change in text and grammar throughout the pdf. It is an essay so you would expect it to be grammatically correct and use complete sentences, but it was written colloquially, in short hand, as if Nick Briz was texting the reader. This contradicts the traditional format of an essay, but that was his point. Also, a point that was brought up is the notion that computers can "think for themselves" when they actually just do what they are intended to do. And any small change in the system can disrupt and change the whole thing as seen in, for example, trying to change word doc formats from .doc to .pages, or a .pdf to a .txt. Data fragments can be lost or added and from my own experience, I have seen text files change into hieroglyphics and gibberish. 
