Upon visiting the website I was greeted with a cool colorful background and a body a text titled, “Thoughts On Glitch[Art]v2.0”. This isn’t the first time I’ve seen his website, I remember visiting it once before in art 74 a year ago. However, that’s all I did. I visited the website and nothing more. Following the instructions, I clicked on the top left button to begin the video essay. It begins with Nick Briz introducing himself as a new-media artist who focused on creating glitch art by scratching digital video files. He describes glitch art as taking a familiar piece of technology and doing something unfamiliar with it. One example he gave was to take a .jpg file and open it in an app that wasn’t programmed to work with that file type, like notepad. While it’s opened in the application, edit the file and then save it. Then you open the file in its default application and be surprised by what has changed. One thing I really enjoyed while he was explaining all this were the captions that popped up around the webpage. You could move them around and they listed the things he said in the video to make him easier to follow. You could even close them if you’d like. Following his instructions, I tried to modify a .jpg myself, but I couldn’t open it anymore after I edited it in notepad. He called this technique databending. One major point that he brings up in this video essay is that glitch does not equal error (glitch!=error). I found this statement quite interesting because a glitch is a term commonly used in video games when a player encounters an unintended feature. As such, I would often think of glitches as errors by the developers. Nick Briz explains this by claiming that computers don’t make mistakes, people do. I understand what he’s trying to get at here, but I still believe glitches are errors. Even if it’s the people making a the mistake, it’s still an error on their part and the glitch is a result of that. It is interesting however to see it from Nick Briz’s perspective. He then states that glitches are always unexpected (glitch == unexpected) which I completely agree with. He brings up a lot more of these interesting conditional statements regarding glitches. Overall, I find glitch art very interesting. I like the idea of turning the expected into the unexpected. Aesthetically speaking, taking a look at Nick Briz’s works, it’s really mesmerizing.

