John Berger's Ways of Seeing series seeks to challenge the way we look at certain pieces of media in our culture. I interpret Berger’s analysis in two different ways. In a more basic way, his episodes are communicating a point that there are different “ways of seeing” the same thing— depending on who is being the work and who is viewing it. The second meaning I gather is his assumption that art, media and influence in society (at least Western Society) is dictated by and created for the ruling class. 
	I believe this second meaning is more prevalent in Berger’s third episode of Ways of Seeing. Though his examples come in the form of European oil paintings, I believe this could be extended beyond art to products, politics, and relationships. Berger’s point is that oil paintings are created to mirror the lavishness of those they were painted for. I would take this same idea and apply it to politics— as a two-sided (or more) venture. I think of California as a “tale of two cities.” One city is costal: the more progressive, elite, wealthy, ruling class. The other city is inland: the Central Valley, lower income, blue collar, more conservative. I think of the cultural influence of coastal California urban populations and what the content produced there reflects of its creators. 
Episode 2 covers the topic of women in the “nude.” Berger’s point here is that European paintings do not do a strong job at showing women as they actually are in real life— rather depicted in a fantastical, sexual, suggestive sense—- depicted in the way men desire. Berger connects oil paintings of old with Episode 4, where he suggests that media and advertising have taken the place of European oil paintings. The difference with modern (at least in 1972) consumerism is that people accept these “products” as gratification, from start to finish. 
While I do see, and agree with, this connection I wonder if Berger’s theories are slightly more outlandish than necessary. My own experience with our Western society is that the ruling class is more interested in financial gain than to subversively manipulate consumers. Maybe the consumeristic “promise of a dream” isn’t intended to push down the working class— the ones on the assembly line— but rather to generate more wealth for the elites. Regardless, Berger’s thoughts on Ways of Seeing certainly make me think about what I find beautiful and why. 


