Firstly, what I found impressive about the overall message of the “Ways of Seeing” is how true it still holds even when our media is ever further instantaneous than what people were experiencing in the 70s.  With regards to the notion of European art being seen in an entirely different manner, I was reminded a lot of the work of Bill Viola who often seems to blend the still emotion of classical European art along with the instantaneous nature of contemporary art.  For instance, his work “the raft” is one of my personal favorites because of how it sheds light to the inferred motion in classical art.  In perspective, our perception of classical art is even further expanded from the medium of video in that it can be spread across the network of the internet in live time, where people around the world are now able to view a piece of art simultaneously without having to be in a gallery space.  

I also thought it was interesting how Renaissance art, their present form of media still compares to this day how in our media we are still very much holding stringent expectations on women.  This reminded me of a documentary called “missrepresentation" which discusses how women in media are never made out to be figures of power, rather figures of materialism and playing roles of vanity.  I find it fascinating and frankly disgraceful that the dialogue is only just starting to change with regards to how women are presented in media.  

I also like how Berger alludes to our consumption of media leading us to buy into fictional alternative life styles.  In other words, even in the fictions that we create, we idolize and even fetishize celebrities in media now.  This has been enabled even further by the medium of video and design.  He alludes to his previous point that the inherently sexist culture we entrench ourselves in translates to the glamor associated with celebrities.  The goddesses in classical paintings are analogous to our idolization.  

While there is much to say about the specific themes of each episode in the series, I also wanted to address a common theme I found which is that regardless of the medium, the messages in art pieces retain the same intentions.  Meaning that art pieces in a contemporary form still address social issues of their time as well as stigmas held by people of that time and interesting enough much of these underlying values remain unchanged.  Overall the series was stimulating in that we are made to think of the timelessness every medium has and I hope that this effect remains true as our media formats evolve, leaving previous standards obsolete but still accessible just as Classical European art has.
