
<h4> John Berger Ways of Seeing</h4>
<hr />
<br>
<p>The four part documentary was a little too long for me. This is something I would overlook because of how outdated it looks. Upon watching it, I can see how John Berger’s ideas are still relevant to today’s views on art. He makes a point about how visual image has its own narrative and it is different depending on the viewer. When he talks about the mechanical eye, I thought about our bodies as machines that are constantly recording our own experiences. Our experiences shape our views and that affects on how we interpret narratives. Whatever timeline we are born in, we develop strong opinions on important subjects relevant to it. Today, reproducing a piece of art from the past takes away the context of it. Episode one felt like a long explanation that beauty is in the eye of the beholder. 
</p>
<p>
The second episode was more interesting. It was about the female nude and how it has become objectified in art. It is pretty relevant today as females are objectified in media. However, things are getting better as women are claiming their own femininity. Berger discusses how a nude woman is for the sexual pleasure of the viewer. A naked woman is to be one’s self. Berger describes that there is a distinction between the two. He supports it with evidence on how women who are presented as objects are positioned in painting. For example, when their eyes are pointed to the viewers or laying down to convey weakness.  I found it interesting because in art we do not refer to figures as naked, but they’re nude. These paintings and in media today also affect how women look at themselves. I find this to be very true that the world around us influences us to try to be another image rather than our true self. 
</p>
<p>
The third and fourth episode touched on the idea of how art is commercial. In episode three, he talks about European oil paintings and how they do not convey art. The paintings are treated like merchandise because they are purchased by the rich. The paintings typically show off one’s wealth and not consider real art. I agree that commission art takes away from the meaning by the artist. The paintings are brought to existence by money and not by true creative freedom. That carries on to modern times in advertisements. Advertisements show visual images of a desirable way of life. Life that is not our own, but can be achieved through purchasing power. I accept that as the world today because it gives me a sense of working towards something. In the end, we are all trying to better ourselves so maybe the image we strive for is the better version of us. 
</p>
