This week’s reading was not a text that required actual reading, but a video series titled “Ways of Seeing” which was presented in four parts. The first part discussed historical oil paintings and how the advancement of technology allowing paintings to be reproduced and distributed out of their original context can change their meaning. The second part focused on the significance and meaning of nude paintings in particular, bringing in several women to share their perspectives on the topic. The third installment brings up the significance art and paintings have held as a status symbol and the tendency people have to describe art in ways that are perhaps intentionally mysterious. The final portion of the series compared and contrasted historical paintings with what, at the time, was modern advertising.
Since the first section was all about how a change of context could change the experience and meaning of a creation, I couldn’t help but think of the potential consequences of viewing the series itself in a new context using newer technology. Instead of waiting day by day to watch each installment on a TV screen, I viewed the series back to back in the smaller frame provided by a YouTube window. Additionally, I had the video speed set to 1.5 times the automatic playing speed, which probably changed the tone of several portions of the video that were intended to include pauses for contemplation significantly. Besides my own viewing context bringing its own baggage, I often considered how far the distribution of art has come from the degree to which it had been possible at the time the video series was published. The separation from the original context has increased, and the ease of editing pieces has as well. Both of these could intensify the effects of the message being changed by the context or editing.
The section on nudes discussed the objectification of the human form in the context of artistic nudity. It was interesting to compare the thoughts of the women guest speakers thoughts about what nudes meant in the context of their experiences 45 years ago to thoughts I’ve heard from women in the present. In particular the idea that women think of themselves constantly through the lens of an outside observer, while men do not. The idea that a person would view themself through the eyes of others and be continually aware of that doesn’t seem like as gender-specific of a problem as it is made out to be. The emphasis put on how women usually are passive and waiting felt a little excessive, though I could have misunderstood whether they were talking about their own experiences or the symbolism implied in the paintings.
The final installment of the video compared the modern practice of advertising to the idealized displays of riches often expressed in historical paintings. I would like to explore further the point that he made about how the motives behind the idealization and show of glamorous things were opposite to one another in historical painting and advertisement. Historical paintings seem to be displaying wealth as an internal affirmation of value, a personal status symbol, while advertising focuses on creating a desire and attraction for the things it depicts in idealized circumstances.
