
Reading 05


Four video documentaries were based on how people viewed “seeing" through painting, photography as well as human and mechanical eye. Through the lens of the curator,  he viewed “seeings” is part on actions that involved on movement and fluidity. Flexibility, however also took a secondary role on how “seeings” portrayed through the category of painting which a form of convention of “seeing” or “vieweing” aesthetics in art.
There is no precise definition of “seeing”, I believe. Seeing can be viewed as perspective. Just like drawing, there is one and two-point perspective as well as aerial view.To my connection, this draws an idea on Google Earth and Maps; through modern technological devices, we can simply see things in different perspectives we almost can view anything. In terms of “seeing” is a way of appreciation; that is, observing the artwork’s details and intricate details to interpret its core of the narratives. The way how I viewed “seeing” is a practical way of viewing and deciphering its details. Also, I agree with the video that art history is an essence or crucial part of how we view the paintings from past artists; carefully looking at its details and determining the narrative flow of their artwork that defines them and his or her work. From the art history perspective, “seeing” is observing details and looking for narratives in the painting itself.  In contemporary practice of “seeing” VR is another way of seeing through modern technological devices and through the lens of the future. Augmented reality, is another way of seeing that portrays reality and virtual world; from real world we may see virtual world.  In contemporary times, VR systems can be defined as seeing with an exception experiencing virtually instead of physically.  There scopes of seeing is completely different from the perspective of art history and contemporary aspects; that is, “seeing” in contemporary defines as different perspectives and new areas in digital culture. Through the lens of “seeing”, aesthetics and content plays a major role for the ways of seeing and looking through insightful perspective that goes beyond artistic abilities.  Augmented reality and virtual reality systems exemplifies another way of “seeing” because it gives an unique message through the piece when audiences or viewers experience the work at least once.  “Seeing” also includes the definition of time and space, these two defines what is an artwork and how it presented through time and space provides viewers a clear message.  This draws back to my contemporary example, which is VR systems; even though it does not have a physical space, the virtual space acts similarly to a gallery space. The space will provide the background definition on this piece and how it could be presented in a way of “seeing”. 
