The videos called "Ways of Seeing" with John Berger were essentially about how the classical, Renaissance, and medieval paintings symbolized wealth and prosperity. Over a couple centuries, the same concept exists in modern times, but in a different form. In the past, paintings portrayed wealthy people and their properties because they were the only ones who had the money to commission these paintings. In addition, a couple decades later to current day, owning a piece of work that was made by a famous artist exemplified one's wealth. The ownership of paintings as a symbol of wealth, plus the subject of wealth in many of these paintings, has evolved to owning prints and advertisements that people are surrounded by on billboards, walls of buildings, and ads on the internet. John Berger compares artists' names to company brand names because the names of the artist or company have certain connotations and ideas that they stand for. Owning pieces by a certain artist or wearing a certain brand "says" something about the individual. I remember way back when Ipods were really popular and everyone wanted those signature white earphones. Even in posters that you see on the street advertising some clothing, the models will be listening to music with their Ipods and earphones. This is because Apple is a "premium" brand; it is higher priced than competetitors with similar specifications. Every company brand has a motto or catch-phrase that tells what their company is all about. Buying these brands creates the image for an individual, subconsciously willing to allow materialisitic urges to shape us. I find the correlation of the ownership of art to the ownership of company brands like Northface or Nike interesting. I think that this idea of materialism is even more prevalent today becaue of the advancement of technology. This is with the world wide web, artificial intelligence, access to internet anytime and anywhere, and a new version of a gadget every year. People want the next big thing and buying the newest version gives people a temporary happiness that they might otherwise not have. I found it a little hard to watch the videos because there was no background music, but Berger made a great point; music can change our perceptions greatly. He was also very dramatic with all of the pauses he made in his dialogue and facial expressions. Anyways, I thought the topic discussed was an interesting relation and materialism today is ever so prevalent. 
