Upon reading the title of the documentary I wondered what it could possibly mean. “Ways of seeing?” What could he possibly mean? There are only a couple ways of seeing and that is through one or both eyes. Then I began to think about echolocation and how bats are able to see using sound. After pondering for about a couple minutes I decided to begin the first of four episodes. In the video, John Berger talks about perspective and how human eyes are bound to one point / place at a time. He then goes over how revolutionary the camera was and how it allowed people to see from a perspective other than their own. Now the part that really got me interested was when he started tying in how our human experiences and relationships affect the perspective of things we see. How we interpret something like a painting, is judged by our opinions on the subject of which it is trying to represent. I could see what he meant, if I was afraid of clowns, then a portrait of a clown could give me anxiety and fear. However, someone else could view it as funny or uplifting. I began to think about the differing points of views in everyday life. For example if a person was speeding down a neighborhood street, many would think “man what a dickwad.” However, what if they were speeding because they were driving their gravely injured friend to the hospital? Being mostly bound to our personal perspective really does shape what we think. 
The second episode expands on this by comparing the perspectives between one’s gender, particularly on nude art. There’s a whole bunch of naked people in classical paintings. Berger implies that women are depicted naked and languid to “feed an appetite, not have any of their own.” I don’t doubt that’s what the artists back in the day were trying to do, there are artists today who make a profession out of these things. 
The next episode covers mainly oil paintings and how they are prized possessions of the rich. They’re not owned because they are appreciated but rather to be seen as a token of wealth. This kinda relates back to the earlier episodes how he said to be able to physically touch something means it is real. This eventually led to the obsession of possessions which he ties in during this episode. Although paintings might have been purchased as a means to show off, it still helped to support the artist back in the day….at least that’s what I think. 
