Abstract 1: Cetacean Rehabilitation
While the concept of drones may seem newfangled to Americans, their uses have become more realized in recent years. From package deliveries to news traffic coverage, remotely controlled drones are allowing us to vicariously traverse the skies— and the seas. Willie, a humpback whale extending 44 feet living only miles off the shores of Monterey Bay, California, was inspected and led to safety by a series of six-propeller hexacopters collecting data over the Atlantic. Cetacean rehabilitation is being aided by artificial intelligence algorithms poetically and proactively absolving the seas of marine terrorism— of invasive toxins massacring our world's most complex ecosystem. Our new reality—a world wherein we will soon gaze up to the heavens and see a structure of drones bustling about—will ameliorate the way we do commerce, abolish poverty, and advance our society into a globally aware future.

Essay 1: 
While the concept of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) may seem newfangled to Americans, their uses have become more realized in recent years. From package deliveries to news traffic coverage, remotely controlled drones are allowing us to vicariously traverse the skies— and the seas. At its core, a drone is nothing more than an aircraft sans human pilot. Originally developed and deployed for military-only functions, UAVs have entered the consumer marketplace as of late. Handheld drones hover around suburban cul-de-sacs, assist in the production of Hollywood films, and bathe regions in public internet access. Our new reality—a world wherein we will soon gaze up to the heavens and see a structure of drones bustling about—will ameliorate the way we do commerce, abolish poverty, and advance our society into a globally aware future. One such example of where UAVs are an welcomed prescience is off the shores of Monterey Bay, California.  

On a misty morning on the rocky shores of Moss Landing three oceanographers stood huddled around a mechanical engineer on his knees tightening one of the six rotors on a drone the size of a bicycle tire. The cup of coffee in one of the oceanographers hand so hot it appeared to be keeping the group warm. Within minute the battery-operated flying contraption was hovering above the four youthful professionals— its hum like an orchestra of bees fighting for breath in a hive. Kevin, the oceanographer clad in a fleece Patagonia vest was operating the aircraft from a book-sized instrument on his chest, suspended by a large strap around his neck. Within moments the drone was nothing but a faint blue light disappearing into the morning sun. The four smiled widely as their two year collaboration hit the skies for the first time since rigorous FAA (Federal Aviation Administration), FCC (Federal Communications Commission), and NOAA (National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration) testing approvals green-lit the project. 

Results from this flight experiment won’t be available, if even successful, for two weeks. The hexacopter launched from Moss Landing will spend the next several days locating large aquatic mammals such as whales and dolphins. As soon as the aircraft is 1 mile off-shore Kevin’s piloting career is over. The drone will use of combination of cellular signals, satellite GPS data, onboard SONAR, and imaging cameras to share its location with the team members and locate cetacean as it hovers only several meters above the rough Pacific Ocean. Once targeted ocean life is located the UAV will drop an aspirin-sized microcontroller into the mammals blowholes. 

The fortunate cetacean of interest in this study is Willie the Whale. Kevin and his team of oceanographers met Willie recently on a fishing boat tour of Monterey Bay. He is a humpback whale extending 44 feet long, weighing almost as much as three school busses. The team realizes the dangers of sending human beings into the ocean to interact with these monstrous creatures. Drone usage is their primary hope to preventing a modern-day Jonah headline. Imagine a net of drones existing above the 70% of earth coated with water. These are not wires or ropes forming this net, but merely a massive global network bridging continents—constantly monitoring the invisible blue planet. It's described by a 21st Century term called autonomous things (AuT). AuT drones utilize machine learning and artificial intelligence to navigate themselves, and even to make more advanced decisions such as tracking wanted criminals, delivering online orders, geographic mapping, and even forming with other drones to create 4-dimensional visual display in the sky. Server farms of the distant future will rely on these aerial networks to distribute the load of a changing internet paradigm. 

Imagine lying in a park and gazing to the heavens to watch a 4D movie. Artificial neural networks (ANNs) will allow UAVs to meet, and eventually exceed human intellect while adding a 3rd person view on life. UAV networks high above our city streets will forever ameliorate the way we do commerce, abolish poverty, and advance our society into a globally aware future. 
