Abstract 1: Cetacean Rehabilitation

While the concept of drones may seem newfangled to Americans, their uses have become more realized in recent years. From package deliveries to news traffic coverage, remotely controlled drones are allowing us to vicariously traverse of the skies— and the seas. Willie, a humpback whale extending 44 feet living only miles off the shores of Monterey Bay, California, was inspected and led to safety by a series of six-propeller hexacopters collecting data over the Atlantic. Cetacean rehabilitation is being aided by artificial intelligence algorithms poetically and proactively absolving the seas of marine terrorism— of invasive toxins massacring our world's most complex ecosystem. Our new reality—a world wherein we will soon gaze up to the heavens and see a structure of drones bustling about—will ameliorate the way we do commerce, abolish poverty, and advance our society into a globally aware future.


Essay 1: 

While the concept of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) may seem newfangled to Americans, their uses have become more realized in recent years. Package deliveries to news traffic coverage, remotely controlled drones are allowing us to vicariously traverse the skies— and the seas. At its core, a drone is nothing more than an aircraft sans human pilot. Originally, drones were developed and deployed for military-only functions, UAVs have entered the consumer marketplace as of late. Handheld drones hover around suburban cul-de-sacs, assist in the production of Hollywood films, and bathe regions in public internet access. Our new reality—a world wherein we will soon gaze up to the heavens and see a structure of drones bustling about—will ameliorate the way we do commerce, abolish poverty, and advance our society into a globally aware future. One such example of where UAVs are a welcomed prescience is off the puissant coastline of Monterey Bay, California.  

One was a misty Monday morning on the sharp shores of Moss Landing three oceanographers stood huddled around a mechanical engineer on his knees tightening one of the six rotors on a drone the size of a bicycle tire. The cup of coffee in one of the oceanographers hand so hot it appeared to be keeping the group warm. Within minute the battery-operated flying contraption was hovering above the four youthful professionals— its hum like an orchestra of bees fighting for breath in a hive. Kevin, one of the oceanographer clad in a fleece Patagonia vest was operating the aircraft from a book-sized instrument perched upon his chest, suspended by a large strap around his neck. Within moments the drone was nothing but a faint blue light disappearing into the morning sun. The four smiled widely as their two year collaboration hit the skies for the first time since rigorous FAA (Federal Aviation Administration), FCC (Federal Communications Commission), and NOAA (National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration) testing approvals green-lit the project. 

Results from this flight enterprise won’t be available, if proven successful, for over a  week. The hexacopter launched from Moss Landing will spend the next several days searching out large aquatic mammals such as whales and dolphins. As soon as the aircraft is one mile off-shore Kevin’s piloting sting will be over. The drone will use of combination of cellular signals, satellite GPS data, onboard SONAR (SOund Navigation And Ranging), and imaging cameras to share its location with the team members and locate cetaceans as it hovers only several meters above the lively Pacific Ocean. Once targeted ocean life is located the UAV will drop an aspirin-sized microcontroller into the mammals blowhole. The fortunate bestial of interest in this study is Willie the Whale. Kevin and his team of oceanographers met Willie recently on a fishing boat tour of Monterey Bay. He is a humpback whale extending 44 feet long, weighing almost as much as three school busses. The team realized the dangers of sending human beings into the ocean to interact with these monstrous creatures. Drone deployment is their primary hope to forestall a modern-day Jonah headline. 


Imagine a net of drones existing overhead the 70% of earth concealed with water. There are no wires or ropes forming this net, but merely a massive global network bridging continents—constantly monitoring the invisible blue planet. UAV networks could monitor the largest territories on Earth.It's described by a new term called autonomous things (AuT). AuT drones utilize machine learning and artificial intelligence to navigate themselves, and even to make more advanced decisions such as tracking wanted criminals, delivering online orders, geographic mapping, and even forming with other drones to create 4-dimensional visual display in the sky. Server farms of the distant future will rely on these aerial networks to distribute the load of a changing internet paradigm. In rural areas drone fleets will provide broad cellular service, possibly becoming the backbone of future mobile networks— becoming the aerial of infrastructure of our connected world. 

Picture lying in a park and gazing to the heavens to watch a 4D movie. Artificial neural networks will allow UAVs to meet, and eventually exceed human intellect while adding a 3rd person view on life. Integrated artificial superintelligence. Drone networks high above our city streets will forever ameliorate the way we do commerce, abolish poverty, and advance our society into a globally dominant future. 

