
I read and interview entitled “An Interview With David Brin” written in 1999. My goal was to find an older Switch article to compare to our current view of technology. David Brin is a “well-known science fiction author, [and] former astrophysicist.” The interviews first question draws an uncanny relation to technology topics of today. Brin is asked his thoughts on maintaining personal privacy. One type of person, Brin outlines, desires the illusion of privacy— in other words they are okay with the government and corporations knowing about them, but want these organization to be “polite” and not wave this information publicly. This is actually my own person outlook on how information can and should be handled. The government and corporations are gathering data from me (ideally) to make my life safer, more efficient, and better, the large concern is specifically how that information is treated. The discussion in this interview about privacy and accountability is extremely relevant. The past several years have seen NSA leaks, a challenge to how private technology corporations handle users’ data, and an increased awareness of the dangers of data breaches. The topic of “fake news” and “alternative facts” also comes to mind as the conversation switches to the topic of disinformation. Brin states that “adults learn to lie only sparingly,” suggesting that lies can be harder to detect as they become more and more like the rest of the information we’re receiving. I think of the 2016 Presidential election— how easily a fake report saying that Donald Trump sexually violated another woman, or that Hillary Clinton was involved in a corrupt policies— wouldn’t really be so shocking, even it completely fabricated stories. My mind also wanders to the narrative of Russian involvement in the US election when Brin says “our own safety depends on foreign powers being intelligently governed.” One question seems dated, asking how we will find the time to watch all of the contestant video feeds running in our society. Brin suggests that technology will advance to automatically review footage, recognize faces, and alert us if needed. He’s talking about AI— technology that only now is hitting the market. Brin ends on a somewhat encouraging note. He leaves us with hope for the future— that people are working now to make the next generation’s lives even better than the one before. He seems to believe in the hope nations exercising technological resting (referencing nuclear weapons). I hope he’s right. I hope the world is better now than it was, and that it will be better in 50 years than it is now. I hope North Korea behaves, or is taken care of, and I hope we wield our powerful technology carefully. 

http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/nextswitch/switch_engine/front/front.php%3Fartc=255.html
