Damian Helwig

			Karaoke Ice Truck

	Festivals are always a big part of towns, cities and communities. Growing up my family always looked forward to community activities. Usually we would go to museums on days that was free for the community so my parents did not have to spend to much. Farmers market was also a big part of growing up. My parents were always checking the local news paper or post for any activities that they could bring us to. 
	The article  Cadre Residency: Karaoke Ice by Nancy Nowacek hit quit close to home once I read it. She mentions in her article of a ice cream truck that also is an on the go karaoke. She called is Karaoke Ice with a mascot dj squirrel. This Karaoke ice travels from festival to festival giving out ice treats and attracting  people to join in to sing. Its a great idea and im sure if my parents knew about something like this when we were younger they would have made an adventure out of it and travel from festival to festival. 
	Over all it is a really fantastic idea at festivals and possible personal parties. I also though of the truck driving to a neighborhood an setting up there just randomly and see what happens, of course there will be people who would find it annoying. 
	Now there are apps in which you can follow food trucks around the bay, how great it would also be if the karaoke ice was also in use now in unity with the food trucks. Not only would people enjoy a festival with authentic regional food but also families, couples, friends singing and just enjoying the evening or weekend.
	Im not a big karaoke fan but at my age I wouldn’t mind making a fool out of myself just to see my kids laugh and feel embarrassed amongst friends that might know them. It would be one of the highlights of the evening.
	Karaoke Ice presents a lot of possibilities of excitement and fun if we step back and look at what goes on in the community and certain events, from concerts, festivals, birthdays, food truck  gatherings. Being married to a Pacific Islander, I know this would always be a hit and it would always be requested at all events from birthday, baptism, weddings, and any family gatherings. I hope its still out there providing fun dj and ice treats to the community in and out of festivals.md
