



ART 104
Article: “Computer Graphics: A Semi-Technical Introduction” MIT Press

After reading this article, it gave me a sharp sense of interdisciplinary art; that is, where art and science collides with each other. The author mentioned a good point that stands out from technical perspective is that how computer graphics and computer science closely applies and then deviates into quantum computing. His point made a strong connection on how I took vector calculus in Calculus III (multivariable calculus) and the applications that were closely related to computer graphics and animation; through this application many mathematical and technical perspectives can be represented as artistically aesthetics in computer graphics. Besides mathematical approach of computer graphics, it can be an aspect of modern physics, for example, light rays and particle would fit into the group of 3D graphics in the philosophy of  rays and raytracing. Just like Node.js, Three.js, and A-Frame, the three-dimensional cartesian plane will reveal its graphics in digital computers. There is a slight connection to 3D webpages, that is, the computer graphics is sufficient to generate the immense 3D graphics as well as its details to polish the contrast within the screen of digital computers. I would agree with this author with million reasons; first of all, the flux of vector field will represent animations that will animate through the powerful graphics card for 3D graphics. Modern physics will prove analytically through multiple equations and diverse algorithms in order to model the pixelated and non-pixelated artistic quality graphics. Occasionally, there are some forms of illusion in graphics and contrasts of light and shadow in the realm of digital world, in a case where optics applied.  Another connection that jumps into artistic perspective of computer graphics is Maya, Autodesk Fusion 360, Unity, and AutoCAD. Many computer graphics can generate and establish an art through the lens of programming, such as Processing. In an example of Processing language, computer graphics can render out through code-like process and arbitrarily making a sketch and designs of fractal trees as well as rudimentary animation actions. This example traces to the article about computer graphics, is that the graphics can run through code afterwards it can appear on a digital screen and perform the way that the code was written. And yet I have to agree that optics and graphics are relevant and more critical to the applications of differential calculus throughout the computer graphics that is required to measure and compute the optimal measurements of light, focus, and geometrical figures. 3D graphics can also involve gaming, those graphics can involve in 3D camera views as well as to prosper in animations as well. Many 3D animations are fully driven into 3D graphics and rendering system though involves many convoluted theory of computations and algorithms and multiples of illusions and complex theory of science.

