Queena Situ
Art 104

Does Lara Croft Wear Fake Polygons: Gender Analysis of the "1st Person Shooter/adventure game with female heroine" and Gender Role Subversion and Production in Game Patch
            by Anne-Marie Schleiner
            
  In early video games, all of the protagonists or the characters that the player controlled was male. At the same time, the gaming demographic was also male-centered. The only time a female would be present in a video game would be as the "damsel in distress" or a trophy to be won. It wasn't until Tomb Raider's Lara Croft that a female character was playable, albeit a sexual icon to the still male dominated video game player demographic. 
  What's interesting in the article, is Schleiner suggests that Lara Croft has many layers to her identity and the impression that she gives to players. She could be a drag queen because of her more masculine and butch attirbutes in both physique and personality. She breaks gender roles and is a "femme-fatale" type of character. Also, many men, in a sense, put themselves into her shoes when platying the game to make it more immersive, essentially using Lara Croft as a female avatar to project their own identity into. In a way, they become transgender by "wearing' the female identity that is Lara Croft. Whether Lara is a suitable role model for younger girls is debatable, but her charcter did open a path to videog game feminism.
  Having female protagonists in video games only started becoming more common recently. There's characters like Jill Valentine from Resident Evil, Tifa Lockhart from Final Fantasy VII, Max Caulfield from Life is Strange, Aloy from Horizon: Zero Dawn, and even better, the option to choose to be male or female and customize your character and skills in The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. 
  Video games today have become more progressive and inclusive. They don't only include strong female protagonists, but gay and transgender charcters as well. Sexualizing female characters has instead become less common, the core focus being the story and personality. That's not to say the characters aren't beautiful people that must have been hand-sculpted by God himself. The gaming community has also grown rapidly; the female playerbase contiues to increase. This includes me. I started playing games since I was pretty young, and I remember the scarcity of female protagonists. Later, the idea of female players emerged, and this became the most exciting thing. Both are now more common than ever. Video games have evolved so much in the past two decades and are now a platform for art and expression. 
  Progression and cyberfeminism are the new fads of this generation. I wonder, what will video games evolve into next?

