(Conceptual) Art, Cryptocurrency and Beyond

This essay cover the topic of art and money, and how they are related and manipulated. The author first describes the role of money in our society— even taking a look at how money in and of itself can be an artistic expression. It’s interesting to think of a piece of art costing millions of dollars; to think of what people are actually purchasing. Are they buying a physical canvas, what is on that canvas, an idea, or the brand name of an artist? Regardless, art holds a valuable place in our society, sometimes arbitrarily so. Myers talks about how the currency transfer for art has changed over time. 

One modern currency being used to pay for art is Bitcoin, or cryptocurrency. Artwork recently has been exchanged for the digital currency. Banksycoin is even a currency that was created to "attempt to create a currency to pay for art and create a parallel economy." Cryptocurrency and modern technology is even being used as a canvas for art. In “Proof Of Existence I” (2014) an artist embedded a high of their genome into a Bitcoin blockchain.

I think one of the most important critiques is people challenging the way art is paid for is— using cryptocurrency to ask if it is okay that high-end artwork can only be purchased by the wealthy elites. Blockchain provides a new opportunity to not only re-invent out fiat currency, but to experiment with new art mediums. Ultimately, I don’t find a strong argument in this article. I wonder the actual value of cryptocurrency is there become so many ways to pay for something, and if that value is stable if an entire society is not using it. 
