## Reading 9

The concept of altering money in and of itself is quite interesting in the sense that it will inevitably land into the hand of many people due to the nature of money being meant to be something to be spent.  So, it’s pretty spot on in the sense that the audience will be forced to stop and acknowledge the message of the art.  However, I think the more interesting relationship the author observes is the transition from the defiling of physical money to the interventions into the evolving technology of cryptocurrency.  The same intention is present and yet the art forces us to question the composition and legitimacy of cryptocurrency which certainly in recent days seems to have been struggling to remain stable.  
For instance, I knew Banksy to be a prominent street artist but his intervention in the space is just one of many artistic attempts to ironically point out the nature of the “currency”.  This is prominent in all the mentioned pieces, in that they all seem to focus one thing which is proving their legitimacy, or even their existence.  

With relation to my own work, my business associate and friend Jose (who has really helped me explore my potential) recently put me to the task of investigating block chain and particularly cryptocurrency for the purpose of expanding our own business ventures.  What bewildered me in my research was surprisingly not the technical nature of it.  Rather, I kept questioning how exactly this would all be quantified.  What would we even offer to our prospects?  I’ve been in the marketing business exercising my artistic skill for a while, and I know that most business owners want to see something right in front of them.  Which means presenting something so abstract can be rather difficult.

In essence, the work of these artists definitely spells out the complications that are often associated with crypto currency.  And I think we can expect more artists to be exploring this space with the recent ruling on cryptocurrency in our country.