The article this week is by Furtherfield, and it is called Conceptual Art Cryptocurrency and Beyond. It first starts off to talk about how currency was always involved in art since the beginning and back in history art was anything created like an image or sculpture because art back in history was not as evolved until later on. People were only exposed to what they knew and saw around them at that time. It then goes in to talk about different artists and their artwork and how they were able to make money off of what they had created. For instance, there was an artist that was talked about by the name of Damien Hirst and what he did was take an actual human skull and placed incrusted diamonds throughout the whole head. It looked like it received a great deal of time to do. The sculpture was called “For the Love of God,” and in 2007 it was created. When it came to selling this piece of artwork Damien Hirst was able to sell it for fifty million pounds sterling converting that to US American dollars it cost about seventy million two hundred and forty- three five hundred dollars that is a ridiculous amount of money. It also talks about bitcoin as critique, which is another example of how art and money are related. Bitcoin is art on how it is run and made on the computer; it states that “Bitcoin is a cryptocurrency, a piece of software that runs on computers (“nodes”) spread across the network that communicates with each other. To reach a shared consensus on the current state of a cryptographically-secured ledger.” About every nine to eleven minutes are so the computer bundles transactions into blocks, which refers to the first block called “the blockchain” which is also known as the “Genius Block.” The article also goes into detail about how cryptocurrency and smart contacts can be used to form a group. For instance, in 1972 there was a piece of artwork by the name of “Index002,” and it is just a room with photocopied paper and filing cabinets to represent on how things were done back in history. To keep a record of anything and now we have involved in having computers do all the hard work for us and find what we are looking for by using a program to keep artistes organized and more accessible to look up and see their work. This whole article shines a light on how currency and art are connected and will always be like connected in the future. 


