Reading 09



This article is about the contemporary art that applies to the concept of currency. As currency expands in this society, it is a type of resource or an artifact. The artifact it self discusses the discourse of contemporary art and its concepts that contextualizes another form of “art”. It suggests the modern technology and digital labors that mines bitcoins and abstract data of economics.
Currency can be an artifact, but cryptocurrency can be a digital artifact that backs upon computational devices like computers. The author explained in a way that how currency evolved like an artifact and eventually transformed into the discourse of contemporary art. Through the discourse, there is a connection between artifacts, currency, and digital currency; the author claimed cryptocurrency is a form of machine learning. From my belief, cryptocurrency, deep and machine learning shares mutual connection with each other; especially from programming languages that nets with each node a mutual connection.  In terms of programming, data and discrete structures may establish a glitch art with arbitrary points and then contextualizes into an artistic form. I agree with the author at some point of the reading, where he suggested the value of conceptual art. Conceptual arts can have a form of in depth content that reaches beyond the artist’s thoughts and emotions, and it is highly valued with the form and how it is expressed and its method of ideas and concept. The artifacts about currency and cryptocurrency references to the discourse of new media art; that is, the relationship between these two critical concepts that built with each other. Blockchain is another example that I took from the reading, this concept amplifies towards the author’s ideas and then the mathematical concepts that were built upon it. While utilizing the advantage of advanced mathematics, computational devices were the only sources to brought up to the point of the discourse of technology and art. What the author meant by “artifacts” is meaning of concept, any art have a story behind the actual art is considered as “artifacts”, it connects to the author’s examples in cryptocurrency. Through the author’s examples, it amplifies the concept on how artifacts work in terms of conceptual art; that is, through the concept, there is always the story goes with it. Another example I took from the reading was digital labor; how does digital labors draws into cryptocurrency? Many databases can be able to mine bitcoins, and then eventually save them into the supercomputer computational system. In this case, this author exemplifies multiple points on blockchains and  digital labors.
