This week’s reading “Conceptual art, Cryptocurrency and Beyond” was adapted from presentation notes by Rob Meyers. It describes briefly the historic relationship between art and currency, followed by an overview of the development and function of various different types of cryptocurrency. Then the author describes a few notable art pieces that explore the concepts of cryptocurency and similar calculations, including a few of his own, ending with a bullet-pointed call to examine this aspect of digital society and make art about it. The article gives a description of how bitcoins are created and mined and displays a few of the technologies that were used to do so.

The topic of what constitutes real value or valid ownership came up several times during the article. For instance, the mere ‘guaranteed’ directions for a piece of wall art are accepted as the valid means of owning that piece and its value, whereas any copies made with the exact same directions without the certificate with those directions somehow lacks that value. Additionally, there were mentions of art objects like paintings by old masters actually being used as currency in some circles. Also, physical currency itself can be seen and interacted with as art, looking past the perceived meaning of the piece of metal or paper to see the images and such that they are actually composed of. Artists have done such things as stamping on dollar bills to disrupt the usual mundane quality of currency and draw attention to the artistic aspect. The article argues that the same can be done for cryptocurrency and the types of calculations that it relies on to function.

Artists are already One of the examples of cryptocurrency given in the article is a description of a type of coin designed for use by artists and those that wish to buy from them exclusively. The intention was to separate the artists from the mainstream economy and create another economy based on art. The article was unclear on how successful this currency ended up being. Another variant of crypotcurrency discussed was “dogecoin” an amusing named after the popular “doge” meme, while this seems to be a  serious currency, there is still a certain amount of playfulness and drawing attention towards the shape of the ‘currency  medium’ itself. The author of the article went further and designed calculators similar to bitcoin that search for combinations of shapes that look like faces or Shakespeare quotes. These are much more focused on drawing attention to the concept and function of cryptocurrency than creating a functional tool.
