In the article, “(Conceptual) Art, Cryptocurrency, and Beyond,” Rob Myers talks about the history of art and money, and particularly how they have always been involved with one another. As we’ve seen in John Berger’s Ways of Seeing, art has historically been prized possessions of the rich. Back in the day if you had money, you had oil paintings and/or sculptures to decorate your home with. Myers goes in depth on how the ancient greek used a sea turtle on their coins. Art moulded into money or vice versa. Another example work included is a skull made of platinum, diamonds and real human teeth. Again, an example of art and money working with each other. The article continues on to discuss how the art part of art-money relationship allows us the opportunity to critique the object. Myer then brings in cryptocurrency, and describes the process of how it’s mined. It’s an alternative to material money when it comes to paying for art. The process by which it’s made can be considered artistic itself. Cryptocurrency is unique in the sense that the blockchains are “un-fakeable” and incredibly unlikely to result in the same number. Myer suggests that it’s more secure and reliable to use cryptocurrency to pay for art. Not only does it provide definite proof of ownership of the art, it simplifies the whole art-purchasing process immensely. After reading the article, one thing that I was surprised to see was the mention of dogecoin. It’s cool to see a meme turn into an actual currency. I think using cryptocurrency to pay for art is definitely very convenient. I do wonder what happens when it comes to digital art, since these are usually distributed everywhere over the internet for everyone to download. 
