1) Diemer, Julia, Andreas Mühlberger, Paul Pauli, and Peter Zwanzger. 2014. "Virtual reality exposure in anxiety disorders: Impact on   psychophysiological reactivity." World Journal Of Biological Psychiatry 15, no. 6: 427-442. Academic Search Complete, EBSCOhost (accessed April 25, 2018).
  There were a couple studies and experiments done involving participants with phobias and a control group. Both groups were subjected to  various simulations that induced anxiety and fear among the phobic participants. Heart rate and skin conductance levels were recorded as  psychophysiological responses to the VR. Over a period of a couple weeks of this therapy and stimulation, HR and SCL were shown to reduce  over time, meaning the therapy was working. This idea of multiple sessions of repeated stimulation was called “habituation”. In both the   control and phobic groups, anxiety was prevalent, but the biggest improvements shown were from the phobic participants.
   
2) Seyama, Jun'ichiro, and Ruth S. Nagayama. 2007. "The Uncanny Valley: Effect of Realism on the Impression of Artificial Human Faces." Presence: Teleoperators & Virtual Environments 16, no. 4: 337-351. Academic Search Complete, EBSCOhost (accessed April 25, 2018).

   In Japan, a study was done to try to figure out where exactly the uncanny valley begins and ends by manipulating and morphing parts of dolls’ faces into human faces. In each experiment, specific parts of the face (ie. the eyes, mouth, etc) were manipulated to see how     each observer reacts. There was a 5 point scale on the pleasantness/unpleasantness. -2 was the most unpleasant, and +2 being the most      pleasant. While this was a mainly visual experience, another experiment was conducted where scientists asked the participants about the    images’ attractiveness by asking them to consider ages, symmetry, hairstyle, etc. It is suggested that there might be different criteria    for realistic faces and unrealistic faces, that they are completely separate from each other and the fusion between them is what creates    the uncanny valley. In conclusion, it was determined that both visual culture and exposure, youthfulness (physical attractiveness), and    the dichotomy of realism vs unrealism are what determine the uncanny valley. However, it is still unclear exactly to what degrees and      variations in these aspects determine the uncanny valley. 
    
3) Yu, Sen-Chi, and Chien Chou. 2009. "Does authentic happiness exist in cyberspace? Implications for understanding and guiding college students' Internet attitudes and behaviours." British Journal Of Educational Technology 40, no. 6: 1135-1138. Academic Search Complete, EBSCOhost (accessed April 25, 2018).

  The cyberspace and internet are places of high, positive potential for human engagement, improvement, discovery, and interaction. The     internet is particularly pertinent to college students because they grew up with this technology, and universities and educators           emphasize the use for it. College is also the time for self-discovery and students try to find social interactions, intimacy, and explore   sexuality through the use of the internet. These are positive wants and needs that are pursued by students, but it is unclear how happy     or satisfied they are in the cyberspace.


