Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence

This article focused on a hypothetical situation— one that is very relevant to our popular technology: artificial superintelligence. Artificial superintelligence (ASI) is essentially AI we have today on steroids. AIS is the idea of AI becoming more intelligent and capable than even the brightest minds in the world. 

Today we think of AI in terms of Amazon’s Alexa, Facebook populating content relevant to us, or IBMs Watson supercomputer. AI in 2018 is sometimes more "artificial" than "intelligent," as we can only think up so many voice commands or interact with so many online ads at a time. ASI brings the possibility of algorithms so smart (and properly equipped with hardware) that they can source things, build things, and essentially eliminate humanity. 

This is of course the doomsday look that philosopher Nick Bostrom takes. The author of this article references Bostrom’s dark views in a very clever way. As the title suggests, she takes a poetic approach. The piece is composed of a series of metaphors used to posit some speculations about ASI. The author hopes these metaphors allow us more clearly to see what ASI is, and in fact thinks they are the only way to understand the complex idea. The following eight metaphors, per the author, allow us to “form new languages” around ASI. 

The metaphors are as follows: Hurricane, Architect, Sovereign, Star System, Frontline, Search Party, Swarm, Scaffolding. 

Hurricane is the idea that human intervention will not change the progress of dangers of ASI— it is only something that can be prepared for, charted, and tracked. Sovereign gives ASI reign over everything human. An example of this is ASI deciding that water should be rationed for something the most useful— perhaps something that is not sustaining human life. One of the scariest metaphors is Frontline. Frontline puts humans at war with ASI, or even rival ASI systems against themselves. Swarm suggest that a massive interconnected network of algorithms, knowledge and “brains” will act as a mob mentality in its demise of humanity. 

My critique with this view of ASI— that is ants being to humans as humans are to ASI—- is that we’re putting something artificial, something human created, in the position of a god. We can call ASI a “primordial force of nature,” however it isn’t primordial, and it isn’t a force of nature. It is a human-developed tool. Like all human developed tools it can be used irresponsibly (thinking about the internet, guns, language, etc.), or it can be used for good (thinking about the internet, guns, language, etc.).  I don’t have a solution to the quickly advancing computer “knowledge” that humans are developing. My hope is that what is created advances human societies more than is hinders them, and that the very dangerous ASI remains science fiction. 
