In Nora Khan’s critical discourse, she coins the terms which I have not yet heard of “Artificial Super Intelligence” (ASI).  However, I believe this was just for emphasis for her argument of what things would qualify as legitimate artificial intelligence.  I also thought it was pretty interesting how she attributes the tangibility to be much greater than finding life in the outer universe with our current capabilities.   Furthermore she warns us in a more unique way than we usually hear so vaguely in popular media.  She warns than if we attribute human characteristics, specifically personality traits or physical traits in our own image, the growth of this entity could have some very unexpected results.

Khan also refers to the oncoming development of artificial sentient life forms, as comparable to hurricanes in that we don’t see its entirety, and its goals are objective with a clear goal all while inevitable.  Another form of AI mentioned that I found interesting was the “Search Party” which isn’t limited to a single entity, but it’s rather a sub agent of the artificial organism that sends out fragments of itself to gather data.  This realistic imagination of an artificial intelligence stays true to sci-fi concepts as well, but it could present a danger if we aren’t careful about controlling what its objectives are.

In the end, while there are endless examples of what Ai can look like, we need to be careful about fetishizing it into looking like humans and inheriting our own personal behaviors, as this can be dangerous territory and essentially may result to be untamable.

