Towards a Poetics of Artificial Super Intelligence 

The article talks about the emergence of Artificial intelligence and possible events realities that would be present when AI is fully established. The author tells us how  ASI will function in ways we can’t and won’t understand, but it won’t necessarily be unfriendly. Friendly, unfriendly, moral and immoral — these concepts won’t apply. An ASI would be motivated by interpretations of the world within cognitive frameworks that we can’t access. 
The author also compares AI with aliens and this comparison is valid because artificial intelligence is its own life form when you begin to think about it. Artificial intelligence is closer to us than we know and it is getting more ubiquitous as the times go by. As a result of this we are adapting more and more to AI just as a plant adapts to light. 
AI also indirectly offers us insight into the future by giving us a sense of what is possible as we steadily adapt to them. A potential disaster is when we start anthropomorphizing AI because it encourages unrealistic expectations.
The author goes ahead to talk about the terms and metaphors commonly used in the AI world:
•	Hurricane: A fully mature ASI is comparable to a hurricane in the sense that it is overwhelming, massive and forceful like a typical hurricane. It is not double minded about its destructive abilities because it is indifferent to human intervention. Although unpredictable and distant from humanity, it can be prepared for.
•	Architect: ASI can be referred to as an architect in the sense that it can choose for itself despite the fact that it has billions of options.  The architecture of an ASI is also a literal one, as the intelligence can design spaces for its own personally crafted existence. Bostrom suggests, for instance, a scenario in which an ASI designs scenarios of artificial workers, who complete all the jobs that humans will soon stop doing. To keep these digital minds running smoothly, the ASI manifests virtual paradises, a sensual architecture of ‘splendid mountaintop palaces’ and ‘terraces set in a budding spring forest, or beaches.
•	Sovereign: ASI is comfortably called sovereign because it is usually tasked long term objectives in a very broad space. It is also almost self-sustaining in operation. The ASI as sovereign is a living set of scales, immune to influence; it loads competing values to decide what is most equitable, most fair in a very open ended way.
