


Reading 04


The article, “Towards a Poetics of Artificial Super Intelligence -after us- Medium” was mainly about artificial intelligence and how it was programmed through different languages such as ASI and networking.  It suggested that many examples can be correlated to computational devices and exemplifies on how devices behaves artificially with another type of intelligence.  This article exemplifies on how the two behaviors of AGI and ASI and impacts on the physical world.
Through the powerful digital device, AI can be expansive through internet and eventually dominate the society with cyborgs and robotics. Digitization will change the humanity of people, that is manipulating humans with robotic arms that quips with unique strengths will transform them into cyborgs. Programming the micro-chips enables them to utilize the advantage of Blue-Tooth and wifi signals to connect each others brain for sending emails as well as to function similar to a super-computer with programming languages. I agree with the author’s perspective of artificial intelligence, because he made specific points on computer architecture in cyborg and ASI systems. There are multiple connections among the networks, computer architectures, and robotics to an extent that defines infinitely many ways; such that codes and programming languages. Miro-controllers, for example is a type of artificial intelligence in a way that is being programmed and controlled through a super-computer systems and behaves similar to a robot or cyborg. Arduino, for example, this sets and example and amplifies the definition of “artificial intelligence”, it serves to be controlled as well as to behave like a robot with the direction and module of codes. Overall, this miniature chip will take on our humanity entirely throughout the digital revolution and its age of technology; and then replacing our physical bodies. The artificial bodies and its intelligence with cybernetics devices and its connections.  Cloud computing is another example that serves for the article; that is, the cloud on our computer serves like an artificial intelligence. Linguistics of a computer can be complex and contains itself with intricate parts, the omni-potential and its functions exemplifies Siri that we utilize everyday on our phone, people utilize Siri to text, contact, as well as to open apps in their phone for everyday use. The author of the article can provide more specific details than just experimentations and abstractions, he could mention that Cloud computing devices, micro-controllers are also belongs to a subset of “artificial intelligence”. What defines artificial intelligence? It could be everything that correlates to computational devices: computers, super-computers, Siri, etc. Soon, technological and robotics will eventually dominate human population then alters into humanity of digitalization.
