In the future, we will eventually come to a point in technology where artificial superintelligence (ASI) and artificial general intelligence (AGI) are completely fused and integrated into our human lives. These AIs are not anthropomorphised, but instead are indifferent to humanity and just are themselves, contrasting the populat sci-fi theme of robots or aliens taking over human lives. They will be amoral and base their results and conclusions on purely data and calculations. The AIs would be self-sufficient and self-regulating, being able to fix and upgrade themselves. They would be able to process information way faster than a human brain, leaving no room for human error and make amoral decisions for us. Rather than dominating humanity, AIs will exist among humans in harmony as it's own existence. I thought that this article was interesting because a lot of the time, we discuss AIs as human-like, as if the future of artifical intelligence will surely be androids that look, sound, and feel like humans, but Nora N. Khan discusses the topic in an entirely different aspect. I always thought that AIs would be created in the shape of humans, but now, I think that the idea of AIs just coexisting with humanity and assisting them in tasks seems more likely. I just wonder, if technology is so advanced that AIs are self-sufficient, then wouldn't it be possible to create cybernetic implants to erase human error? Wouldn't we be able to put tiny computer chips in our brain to help us think, calculate, and process information faster? By that point, we would be cyborgs, but also enhanced, augmented beings; essentially, we'd become superhuman wouldn't we? Like technology of the past, wouldn't AIs become obsolete and humans would transcend into a symbiosis of synthetic and biological body make-up? The article was long and daunting to read, but it got me thinking a lot about the future of technology and humanity. 
