Holochain: Reinventing Applications

This article is about Holochain, a new framework for writing distributed application-- which run on multiple outlets at the same time. Holochain differs from blockchain and Ethereum in that is is decentralized and runs without a specific server. In other words, I gather than Holochain is unique in that is is run entirely by the people who use it. 

Author Nicolas Luck argues the “Internet’s implicit central use case is telepathy — exchange of thoughts between humans.” I find this the most interesting part of Luck’s point, and the most interesting aspect of Holochain. Holochain appears to metaphorically shorten the distance between people with tighter integration between how peer-to-peers applications are used.

The example of Facebook is especially relevant, considering recent revelation about how Facebook is using users' data. Facebook is currently operated on various server farms. All of the content we see and interact with on Facebook is being curated by Facebook. As Luck puts it, "everything we see in out Facebook stream is what Facebook's servers (and thus the company Facebook) communicates to the client software that runs on our phones." While this might feel like a public social network, to share what we want with whomever we want, it really isn't. 

If social media and the internet is really the “technological embodiment of culture,” then we can expect our digital lives to remain for the foreseeable future. Though MySpace has faded, and Facebook likely will as well, people are never slow to adopt new technologies to satisfy a craving to share with the world, or at least a certain group of people, about themselves. Blockchain and Holochain technologies are very conceptual for me, and while they exist I can’t pretend to understand the theory behind them— my mind is not wired that way. Regardless, a decentralized web in a time where people are become more and more aware of the dangers of their data being abused is almost a certainty. In many ways Snapchat and Instagram stories “feels” more centralized than even Facebook, where I have sharing information with a small and curated group of people. This seems like the future of the internet to me, however it will not be possible until a technology such as Holochain is re-branded and sold to the public as a more approachable solution to satisfy their social needs. 
