My question to myself is if I understood what holochain is. Stopping to really thing, I believe I only understood the bare minimum of what holochain is about. What I can grasp is that it is an application sharing system with its own structure and every person that creates or uses it has their own signature. The biggest thing that I can think in lamest terms is a shared application platform that anyone can use and share. I don’t know for anyone else but as for me I am having difficulty trying to really grasp the whole concept of holochain. 
	I like the concept of what was mentioned in the article that its like a way to bring someone into your thoughts. Which is what a lot of social media sites are. I guess I can see it as another way of social media but I know that is not the case. I know that its something bigger and the creators want to venture out of the main stream. I think if there was an example in more simple terms, im sure I could grasp what they are trying to say. Ive watched other you tube videos to see if some one explains it differently. 
	I think what I will do is venture out more and really try to understand how it works, keep looking for information to explain it better. I understand what an application is design to do and if its similar then perhaps It will be make it easier for me. It’s a challenge but im sure a challenge well worth getting to know. This reminds me of ubuntu, I know its not the same but what I heard of open source stuff I immediately thought of that. Something people can share and really don’t have to pay for. A system where one can down load and us freely and have the same capability as a pc or mac book yet with different applications. I liked the fact that it was shared and one could pretty much do what you needed to do to get your work done. I didn’t fully dive into it, but I was able to learn quite a bit and us it for a while. Then with everything life got more busy so I referred back to the norm of pc and mac books. 
	Finishing the article all I can say that it is over my head of understanding, and I know with some effort I will come to understand and possibly learn to us it. Like I mentioned before things like this interest me because something like this is where the future is going and it is something that my kids might get involved someday. As a parent it is really important to stay up to date with everything that new technology is coming up with, from art to social media to latest trend. 
