
Reading 10



This reading discussed the main discourse of architecture of data structures and the nature of its components. Through its nature, holochains are built upon the connections of the neural networks of each nodes; that is, the programmed connections for social media accounts can balance with other neural networks to create an entire connection.
The author starts with an example with UI (User Interface), from the User Interface design, it is a custom form of decentralizing the concept of holo-chains. Through the designs, each buttons can have a type of connection that utilizes threads and other apps to establish themselves into a chain reaction with a click of a button. Besides the programming side of user interface design, holo-chains can have an implicit concept of artificial intelligence; where cloud computing takes place in the supercomputer that does the fastest calculations that no one can ever do.  From what I believe, the author can explain more on user interface and the reaction towards programming and artificial intelligence.  It also forms and conceptualizes the form of telepresence such as Skype, Facetime, and other video call systems; those systems can explain or cover all of the concept system. Through the author’s idea, there are more can be seen just an user interface, holochains can apply to many computer science applications from data structure to cybersecurity then to hackers. From these examples, the author’s conclusion can be drawn towards blockchains, bitcoins, then to digital perspective of new technology. In terms of the discourse of new media art, there are more can be seen; such as MMORPGs: World of Warcraft and Dungeon Fighter Online. In these examples and applications of gaming, there are holochains can be applied towards seeing other players while other players can see you. Gaming is another critical discourse of holochaining since multiplayers required LAN networks to generate an enormous chain of scores and players. Author’s point can be referenced at some parts of the narrative of holochains, however, they can be adapt naturally in any technological environments and then to many other applications in phone systems such as GPS systems. I believe that the author’s emphasized heavy on UI/UX design since UI can remotely be programmed into holochains since many buttons can perform multiple tasks and other functions. It conceptualizes many facts about the sources from data mining as well as retrieving data from the artificial intelligence through cloud and physical computational devices.
