This week’s reading discussed the newly created concept of holochain, an alternative to the more common blockchain calculations that are used in things like bitcoin and ethereum. This framework will potentially be faster and more effective than blockchain at creating distributed applications without a server. The author cautions that the name ‘holochain application’ might limit the perspective of what can be done with this format as it sounds too close to the traditional type of application which has a significantly different range of capabilities. Holochain shifts away from the approach of building things to be data-centric and shifts towards a format that is agent-centric. The article describes the way that people usually think about data as being viewed from an omniscient perspective and visualize it as being in a ‘concrete’ location where they can find the file or piece of information they are looking for. Holochain suggests that especially without centralized servers this perspective is not the most effective one in a world where many individual users with individual computers are making changes. There is an illusion of objectivity when both in the digital world and out of it humans have no way to be completely objective. However, in an agent-centric perspective information generated is put into context as the specific creation of the agent that created it, allowing inherent biases to be seen clearly and taken into account.

	With this new agent-centric framework even incredibly huge and complex sites could be housed on personal devices without the need for elaborate blockchain calculations or servers. Additionally, it is more helpfully tailored to the internet’s original function of assisting the communication and networking between individuals. The rest of the article goes on to visualize an internet built around this core agent-centric supposition instead of the current format. Without being limited to centralized storage and control of information the opportunities expand and the dangers of being unwittingly controlled by whoever has authority over the centralized storage and distribution of information is significantly lessened. Instead of having to wait for the authority to make edits to a structure participants can edit things themselves, but also create specific spheres tailored to their own small group’s needs instead of one small group tooling everything to fit their needs to the detriment of other users. It additionally eliminates the problems of having to migrate an online identity from one platform to the next, instead the person remains stable and merely changes the interface around their generated information. However, the attribution of every action by an individual back to an individual identity could create a guard against being manipulated as it draws awareness to the person attempting manipulation and discourages groups from consolidating power and limiting it for others.
