The article, “Holochains: Reinventing Applications,” talks about Holochain, which Nicholas Luck claims to be a framework for writing fully distributed peer to peer applications. Upon reading this in the first sentence, I was prompted by curiosity to google more on the holochain. There wasn’t a wiki page interestingly, which meant that this wasn’t big enough “thing” on the internet as of yet. According to the article, Holochains are like toolkits that are used to create standalone serverless applications. At this point I’ve got a lot of questions in my mind: “What kind of applications (crypto)? How exactly does a Holochain work?” They claim to be different from Blockchain which makes me think Holochain is also a growing list of transactions. If so then why is it called HOLOchain? Unfortunately the article moves forward without properly explaining this.

Luck states that Holochain presents itself as a paradigm shift in distributed applications by going from data-centric to agent-centric architecture. Rather than a single user, single machine structure for running software, it expands to mutliple users on multiple machines. Nicholas Luck ties in similarities to the human brain. Instead of experiencing how our mind constructs our reality based on our experiences, we are able to experience of someone else’s mind directly. It’s interesting how this thing is able to connect users directly to each other in order to allow for a safe exchange of private information.  

My knowledge of distributed applications and the blockchains that form them is rather sparse. I had to look up solid definitions once again while reading the article to refresh my memory. While some of the stuff made sense, I felt lost at times while reading through this article. I’m not going to lie, I still don’t fully understand what the Holochain is, but I have a vague idea on what it does. 
