Caroline sinders article is really insightful she makes a lot of great points. Knowing that Elon is thinking about killer robots is like she said far out out-there. It is fun to imagen what will it be like. But Caroline has made great points. Why is someone brining up stuff that is either never going to happen or is so far off into the future that he might not be alive to see any of it. Killer robots is not in every ones mind. We are not facing an apocalyptic future where our physical creations turn against us. That is not around the corner. 
	People, every day people waking up going to work, going to school, paying bills trying to live in places where prices keep going up, it’s those people like Caroline said he should worry about. A lot of times we fail to see the difference between the people that are around us. The problem I think is that there is a big gape between people with financial educational background and those who have limitations. Those with famous parents or parents that inherited wealth and those who’s parents work two or three jobs to pay the bills. I think it is easy for some one that has a financial cushion to over look the actual struggles of the real life. Some one with out that cushion will only laugh at the though of killer robots, they would probably refer to a movie title and that’s it. Why, because there are other important things to deal with.
	 Yes, there are a lot of jobs being automated and those are the jobs really people who live on the ground worry about every day. No one wants to be replaced by automation but that’s reality. Caroline said it plainly, it is the people that are being affected that he should worry about, that everyone with the ability to help those in need should worry about. Its those people who don’t have the financial cushion that need help the most. And in all actuality im sure with some helping hand its those people who will contribute the most to the future in one way or another. 
	Its easy to point fingers. At someone who has had everything, yes they struggled in their own right, I mean everyone does. It is sometimes very disappointing when someone forgets about the hands that do the dirty work. Its those hands that keep everything going around them. Its those hands that make it possible for others to enjoy life. The dirty work is always done by someone and I feel sometimes that society, politicians, and those in a higher position forget because either they never had to work for it or they have but just forgot. 
	I always make it a point to never forget where I come from. I’m not privileged, I have a well wealthy life, not wealthy in the sense of financial freedom that’s far from it but wealthy in that I have good health a wife 3 wonderful kids and a job that pays the bills. Would I like to have cushion money to not worry about the bills, or my family of course who wouldn’t it is something I’m sure a lot of us want. But taking the time to enjoy what you have and seeing the best in it is what makes some ones life wealthy. 
	There are always struggles no one can stop that but if we all took the time to help one another, I’m sure we would make a bigger impact on this earth than what we are doing now. By helping people keep their jobs and not be automated can be a start. Someone is always eager to work. 
