Michael Yue
Reading 11

The reading from Caroline Sinders discussed a spectrum of artificial intelligence. Through her perspective of the discourse, Caroline explained on how machine and humans correlates in a way that robots are programmed to simulate actual human beings. So far, the article was about how artificial intelligence replaces with natural human beings.
After reading the article, I have a belief that computer and superhuman will replace out humanity into machine world. Similar to artificial intelligence, cyborgs are one of the most critical component in the author’s discourse in the article. Through her perspective, machine learning can be one of the most applicable contents in her essay. In the lens of artificial intelligence, the author expressed many concerns about negative impacts on how people lost their jobs and replacing humans with robots; why just we all become robots instead humans? In this case, Sinder reflected change upon robots and the effects on programming with code. That is, through programming we can alter humanity in many ways with just a single click. Even micro controllers such as Arduino, it can be programmed and utilized as a tool of artificial arm or “natural” cyborgs.  From my point, Arduino is amplifies this article with artificial intelligence; task scheduler will program tasks in series and sequences to perform and adjust automatically through the code itself. It correlates to new media art with this discourse by defining new algorithm and code art; web and net-art is also one of the example. These two sets of work sets a tone of how new media is portrayed in the society of art world. Virtual Reality systems can allow humans be their own avatar or living in a virtual world . Human brain will alter into a artificial computer-programmed brain that evokes through different realities; where our personalities change and viewable through computer systems.  Many computer scientists and programmers can be able to develop strong algorithms that imperialize humans eventually we are cyborgs or even robots.  In this case, human world starting to decay and soon will be the future of programmed humans or super-humans. Augmented reality is another example that should be pointed out in the article; Sinder’s perspectives on technological devices exaggerated and thought about future for the society. In the future, there will be more self-driving cars as well as amplifying the tone of technology such as supercomputers and cloud computing.
