I think that it is interesting people think the future of AI are robots that are smarter than humna beings. The theory is these scifi robots will essentially be able to calculate faster and become the "superior" beings, eventually coming to a point where they want to eradicate the human race. I initially thought that this was going to be real as well, but after discussing multiple issues in AI technology, I have realized that in the near future, and even into the far future, self-learning AIs can potentially become threats to our society in terms of race and culture. The article basically discusses the implicit biases in data and algorithms because, of course, they are created by people and people have their own biases that they may or may not be aware of. And it's these biases that create the potential threats with new and developing technology. I wonder if AIs will actually be able to "think" for themselves some day. With current technology it might seem impossible and just a fantasy, and maybe because I want to believe that technology will reach that point one day, but we really won't know until it happens right? Technology is amazing and people are so creative and innovative, and maybe it's just me being an optimist, but I think that the things like hyper-realistic androids who look, think, and act human, which seem fantastical can be achieved in possibly a couple hundred years from now.

I remember in one of my other digital media classes, we discussed how things that seem biological can be converted into algorithms and numbers. For example, the brain and neurons. Even though we don't fully understand how the human brain works, expecially when retaining memories and how we learn new skills and experiences, it seems likely that in the future, once we do understand the brain, we can map it digitally and into numbers so computers can understand it too. From this, human-like AIs and androids can possibly exist if a creator wishes it to. Thinking about future technology is a really interesting topic.
